Index

1

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE

COMMISSION

Washington, DC

20549

#### FORM

#### 10-Q
☑

Quarterly report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange

Act of 1934

For the quarterly period ended

#### November 29, 2025
or

☐

Transition report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of

1934

For the transition period from ____________

to ____________

Commission File Number:

001-38695

#### CAL-MAINE FOODS, INC.
(Exact name of registrant as

specified in its charter)

#### Delaware

#### 64-0500378
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation

or organization)

(I.R.S Employer Identification No.)

#### 1052 Highland Colony Pkwy
#### ,

#### Suite 200
#### ,

#### Ridgeland
#### ,

#### Mississippi

#### 39157
**(Address of principal executive

offices)

(Zip Code)

(**

#### 601
#### )

#### 948-6813
(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to

Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share

CALM

The

NASDAQ

Global Select Market

Indicate

by

check

mark

whether

the

registrant: (1)

has

filed

all

reports

required

to

be

filed

by

Section

13

or

15(d)

of

the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during

the preceding 12 months (or for such

shorter period that the registrant

was required to

file such reports), and (2)

has been subject to such filing requirements for

the past 90 days.

Yes

☑

No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted

electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted

pursuant to

Rule 405 of

Regulation S-T (§232.405

of this

chapter) during the preceding 12

months (or

for such shorter period

that the registrant was required to submit such

files).

Yes

☑

No

☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant

is a large

accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,

a non-accelerated filer, a

smaller

reporting

company,

or

an

emerging

growth

company.

See

the

definitions

of

“large

accelerated

filer,”

“accelerated

filer,”

“smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth company”

in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large Accelerated filer

☑

Accelerated filer

☐

Non – Accelerated

filer

☐

Smaller reporting company

☐

Emerging growth company

☐

If

an

emerging

growth

company,

indicate

by

check

mark

if

the

registrant

has

elected not

to

use

the

extended

transition

period

for

complying

with

any

new

or

revised

financial

accounting

standards

provided

pursuant

to

Section 13(a) of the Exchange

Act.

☐

Indicate by check mark

whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined

in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange

Act).

Yes

☐

No

☑

There were

47,654,046

shares of Common Stock, $0.01 par

value, outstanding as of January

7, 2026.

Index

2

#### INDEX

#### Page Number

#### Part I.

#### Financial Information
Item 1.

Financial Statements

Condensed Consolidated BalanceSheets -

November 29, 2025 and May 31, 2025

3

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income-

Thirteen and Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 and November 30, 2024

4

Condensed Consolidated Statements ofComprehensive Income -

Thirteen and Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 and November 30, 2024

5

Condensed Consolidated Statements ofCash Flows -

Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 and November 30, 2024

6

Notes to Condensed Consolidated FinancialStatements

7

Item 2.

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of

Financial Condition and Results of Operations

20

Item 3.

Quantitative and Qualitative DisclosuresAbout Market Risk

31

Item 4.

Controls and Procedures

32

#### Part II.

#### Other Information
Item 1.

Legal Proceedings

33

Item 1A.

Risk Factors

33

Item 2.

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securitiesand Use of Proceeds

34

Item 5.

Other Information

34

Item 6.

Exhibits

34

Signatures

35

Index

3

#### PARTI.FINANCIAL

#### INFORMATION

#### ITEM 1.FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

#### Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries

#### Condensed Consolidated BalanceSheets
(In thousands, except for par value

amounts)

(Unaudited)

November 29, 2025

May 31, 2025

#### Assets
Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

$

369,450

$

499,392

Investment securities available-for-sale

769,538

892,708

Trade and other receivables, net

235,377

259,304

Income tax receivable

26,992

13,057

Inventories

340,588

295,670

Prepaid expenses and other current

assets

12,473

7,979

Total current assets

1,754,418

1,968,110

Property, plant & equipment, net

1,218,654

1,026,684

Investments in unconsolidated entities

9,979

11,095

Goodwill

87,059

46,776

Intangible assets, net

55,091

15,157

Other long-term assets

18,863

16,797

Total Assets

$

3,144,064

$

3,084,619

#### Liabilities and Stockholders’Equity
Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

$

123,475

$

101,033

Accrued wages and benefits

29,382

60,263

Dividends payable

34,283

114,163

Accrued expenses and other

liabilities

31,688

32,912

Total current liabilities

218,828

308,371

Other noncurrent liabilities

57,588

55,582

Deferred income taxes, net

169,882

154,651

Total liabilities

446,298

518,604

Commitments and contingencies - see

Note 10

—

—

Stockholders’ equity:

Common stock ($

0.01

par value) - authorized

120,000

shares, issued

75,061

shares

751

751

Paid-in capital

83,514

80,845

Retained earnings

2,767,347

2,565,928

Accumulated other comprehensive

income (loss), net of tax

1,326

( 1,007 )

Common stock in treasury at cost –

27,407

shares at November 29, 2025 and

26,567

shares at May 31, 2025

( 161,477 )

( 85,893 )

Total Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. stockholders’ equity

2,691,461

2,560,624

Noncontrolling interest in consolidated

entity

6,305

5,391

Total stockholders’ equity

2,697,766

2,566,015

Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity

$

3,144,064

$

3,084,619

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index

4

#### Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries

#### Condensed Consolidated Statements ofIncome
(In thousands, except per share amounts)

(Unaudited)

Thirteen Weeks Ended

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

Net sales

$

769,498

$

954,671

$

1,692,100

$

1,740,542

Cost of sales

562,112

598,629

1,173,400

1,137,282

Gross profit

207,386

356,042

518,700

603,260

Selling, general and administrative

82,887

77,633

152,401

139,565

(Gain) loss on involuntary conversions

—

10

( 7,488 )

156

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets

630

338

734

( 1,479 )

Operating income

123,869

278,061

373,053

465,018

Other income (expense):

Interest income, net

12,266

9,770

25,116

19,555

Other, net

( 56 )

1,130

1,175

2,341

Total other income, net

12,210

10,900

26,291

21,896

Income before income

taxes

136,079

288,961

399,344

486,914

Income tax expense

33,152

70,602

97,310

118,965

Net income

102,927

218,359

302,034

367,949

Less: Income (loss) attributable to

noncontrolling interest

168

( 705 )

( 65 )

( 1,091 )

Net income attributable to Cal-Maine Foods,

Inc.

$

102,759

$

219,064

$

302,099

$

369,040

Net income per common share:

Basic

$

2.14

$

4.49

$

6.27

$

7.57

Diluted

$

2.13

$

4.47

$

6.26

$

7.54

Weighted average shares outstanding:

Basic

48,019

48,765

48,150

48,762

Diluted

48,167

48,970

48,295

48,953

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index

5

#### Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries

#### Condensed Consolidated Statements of

#### Comprehensive Income
(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

Thirteen Weeks Ended

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

Net income

$

102,927

$

218,359

$

302,034

$

367,949

Other comprehensive income, before

tax:

Unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-

for-sale securities, net of reclassification

adjustments

494

( 573 )

3,080

1,142

Income tax benefit (expense)

related to

items of other comprehensive income

( 122 )

139

( 747 )

( 277 )

Other comprehensive income (loss),

net of tax

372

( 434 )

2,333

865

Comprehensive income

103,299

217,925

304,367

368,814

Less: Comprehensive income (loss)

attributable to the noncontrolling interest

168

( 705 )

( 65 )

( 1,091 )

Comprehensive income attributable to

Cal-

Maine Foods, Inc.

$

103,131

$

218,630

$

304,432

$

369,905

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index

6

#### Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries

#### Condensed Consolidated Statements ofCash Flows
(In thousands)

(Unaudited)

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income

$

302,034

$

367,949

Depreciation and amortization

59,769

45,818

Deferred income taxes

14,484

( 13,825 )

Other adjustments, net

( 2,930 )

( 159,791 )

Net cash provided by operations

373,357

240,151

Cash flows from investing activities:

Purchases of investment securities

( 345,372 )

( 501,567 )

Sales and maturities of investment securities

490,397

426,500

Distributions from unconsolidated entities

—

750

Acquisition of businesses, net of cash acquired

( 299,010 )

( 111,521 )

Purchases of property, plant and equipment

( 92,134 )

( 65,588 )

Net proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment

133

4,004

Net cash used in investing activities

( 245,986 )

( 247,422 )

Cash flows from financing activities:

Payments of dividends

( 180,540 )

( 87,774 )

Purchase of common stock by treasury

( 74,860 )

( 60 )

Principal payments on long-term debt

—

( 2,477 )

Net cash used in financing activities

( 255,400 )

( 90,311 )

Net change in cash, cash

equivalents and restricted cash

( 128,029 )

( 97,582 )

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted

cash at beginning of period

499,392

237,878

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted

cash at end of period

$

371,363

$

140,296

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements.

Index

7

#### Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries

#### Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial

#### Statements
(Unaudited)

Note 1 - Summary of Significant AccountingPolicies Basis of Presentation The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements ofCal-Maine Foods, Inc. andits subsidiaries(“Cal-Maine Foods,” the“Company,”“we,” “us,”“our”) havebeen preparedinaccordance withtheinstructions toForm10-Qand Article10of Regulation S-X and in accordancewith generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America(“GAAP”) for interim financialreporting and shouldbe read inconjunction with ourAnnual Report on Form10-K forthe fiscal yearended May 31,2025(the “2025Annual Report”).These statementsreflect alladjustments thatare, intheopinion ofmanagement, necessary toafairstatementoftheresultsfortheinterimperiods presentedand,intheopinionofmanagement,consist of adjustments ofa normalrecurring nature. Operatingresults fortheinterim periodsare notnecessarily indicative ofoperating results for the entire fiscal year. Fiscal Year The Company’sfiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to May 31. Each of the three-monthand year-to-date periods ended on November 29, 2025 and November30, 2024 included 13 and 26 weeks, respectively. Use of Estimates The preparationof thecondensed consolidated financialstatements inconformity withGAAP requiresmanagement tomake estimatesandassumptionsthataffecttheamountsreportedinthecondensedconsolidatedfinancialstatementsand accompanying notes. Actual results coulddiffer from those estimates. Dividends Payable Dividends are accruedat the end of each quarter according to the Company’s dividend policy adopted by its Board of Directors (“Board”).The Companypays adividend toholders of itsCommon Stock(and, priorto its conversionto CommonStock on April14,2025,ClassACommon Stock)onaquarterlybasisforeach quarterforwhichtheCompanyreportsnetincome attributabletoCal-MaineFoods,Inc.,computedinaccordance withGAAP,inanamountequalto one-third (1/3)ofsuch quarterly netincome. Dividendsare paidto stockholdersof recordas ofthe60th dayfollowing thelast dayof suchquarter, except for thefourth fiscalquarter. Forthe fourthquarter, theCompany paysdividends tostockholders ofrecord on the65th day after thequarter end. Dividendsare payable onthe 15thday following therecord date. Followinga quarter forwhich the CompanydoesnotreportnetincomeattributabletoCal-MaineFoods,Inc.,theCompanywillnotpayadividendfora subsequent profitable quarter until theCompany is profitable on acumulative basis computed from the date of themost recent quarter for which adividend was paid. The dividend policy is subjectto periodic review by theBoard. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenuethrough the sale of its products to customers through retail, foodserviceand other distribution channels.ThemajorityoftheCompany’srevenue isderivedfromagreementsorcontractswithcustomersbaseduponthe customerorderingitsproductswithasingleperformance obligationofdeliveringtheproduct.TheCompanybelievesthe performance obligationismetupondeliveryandacceptance oftheproductbyitscustomers, whichgenerallyoccursupon shipment ordelivery toa customerbased onthe termsof thesale. Costspaid tothird partybrokers toobtain agreements are expensed as the Company’s agreements aregenerally less than one year. Revenues are recognized inan amountthat reflects thenet consideration weexpect toreceive in exchange fordelivery ofthe products.The Companyperiodicallyofferssales incentivesor otherprograms suchasrebates, discounts,coupons, volume- based incentives, guaranteed sales and other programs. The Companyrecords an estimated allowance for costs associated with these programs, which is recorded as a reduction in revenue at the time ofsale using historical trends and projected redemption ratesofeach program.The Companyregularlyreviewsthese estimatesandany differencebetween theestimated costsand actual realization of theseprograms would be recognized in the subsequentperiod.

Index

8

Business Combinations The Company applies the acquisition method of accounting, whichrequires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests, are recorded at their respective fair valuesat thedateof acquisition.Theexcessofthepurchase priceoverfairvaluesofidentifiableassetsandliabilitiesisrecorded as goodwill. Weuse variousmodelsand methodstodetermine thefair valuesof identifiableassets andliabilities,such astop-down and bottom-upapproach forinventory,costmethodand marketapproach forproperty,andrelief-from-royalty andmulti-period excess earnings to value intangibles. Significant estimates in valuing certainintangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, growthrates, discount rates anduseful lives. New Accounting Pronouncements and Policies In December 2023, the FinancialAccounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2023- 09, Income Taxes (Topic740) – Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures . This ASU requires that an entity, on an annual basis, discloseadditionalincome taxinformation,primarilyrelatedtotheratereconciliationandincometaxespaid.TheASUis intended toenhance the transparency anddecision usefulnessof incometax disclosures.ASU 2023-09is effectivefor annual periodsbeginningafterDecember15,2024.TheCompanyiscurrentlyevaluatingtheimpactofASU2023-09onits consolidated financial statement disclosures. InNovember2024,theFASBissuedASU2024-03, IncomeStatement — ReportingComprehensiveIncome — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40) . The objective of ASU 2024-03 is to improve disclosures about a public entity’s expenses, primarily through additional disaggregation of incomestatement expenses. Additionally,in January 2025, the FASB further clarifiedtheeffective dateof ASU2024-03withtheissuance of ASU2025-01. ASU2024-03 is effectivefor annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, andinterim periods within annual reportingperiods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption ispermitted and may be applied either ona prospective or retrospective basis.The Company is currently evaluating the impact of ASU 2024-03 on itsconsolidated financial statement disclosures. There are no other new accounting pronouncementsissued or effective during the fiscal year that hador are expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financialstatements.

Index

9

Note 2 - Acquisitions Acquisition of Echo Lake Foods, LLC Effective June 2, 2025 , the Companyacquired Echo Lake Foods, LLCand certain related companies (collectively “Echo Lake Foods”). Echo Lake Foodsis based inBurlington, Wisconsinand produces, packages, markets anddistributes prepared foods, including waffles, pancakes, scrambledeggs, frozen cooked omelets, egg patties, toast anddiced eggs. The Company accounted for the acquisition as a business combination. TheCompanyfinalizedthebusinesscombinationaccountingduringthesecondquarteroffiscal2026,whichresultedin immaterial measurement period adjustments. Thefollowing table summarizes the consideration paid forEcho Lake Foodsand the value of assets acquiredand liabilities assumed recognizedat the acquisition date (in thousands): Cash consideration paid $ 275,406 Recognized amounts of identifiableassets acquired and liabilities assumed Cash $ 115 Investment securities available-for-sale 14,147 Accounts receivable 31,923 Inventories 21,601 Prepaid expenses and other currentassets 3,131 Property, plant & equipment 151,697 Intangible assets 36,800 259,414 Accounts payable and other currentliabilities ( 14,114) Total identifiable net assets 245,300 Goodwill 30,106 $ 275,406 Cash andaccounts receivable acquiredalong withliabilities assumed werevalued attheir carrying valuewhich approximates fair value due to the short maturity ofthese instruments. Inventories consisted primarily of raw materials,supplies and finished goods.Raw materials and supplieswere valued at their carrying value as management believes that their carrying value best approximates their fair value. Finished goods were valued using both the bottom-up and top-downapproach. The bottom-up approachmeasures the value of inventory asthe value created by thetarget company(i.e., the costsincurred, profit realized, andtangible and intangible assetsutilized) pre-acquisition date. The top-downapproach measures thevalue ofinventory asthe incrementalinventory valuecreated bythe marketparticipant buyer as part of itsselling effort to an end customer (i.e.,the costs that will be incurred, the profitthat will be realized, and the tangible and intangible assets that will beutilized) post-acquisition date. Property,plant andequipment werevalued utilizingthe costapproach andmarket approach.Machinery andequipment were valuedutilizingthecostapproachwhichisbasedonreplacementorreproductioncostsoftheassetsandsubtractingany depreciation resulting from physical deterioration and/or functional or economic obsolescence. Land and buildings were valued utilizing the market approachby using a real estate valuation. Intangible assets consisted primarily of customer relationships and atrade name. Customer relationships were valued using the multi-period excess earnings methodand the trade name was valuedusing the relief-from-royalty method. Goodwillrepresents theexcess ofthepurchase priceof theacquired businessover theacquisitiondate fairvalue ofthenet assets acquired.Goodwill recordedinconnection withtheEcho LakeFoods acquisitionis primarilyattributable toprojected synergies fromintegrating the operationsof EchoLake Foodswith theoperations of theCompany.The Company recognized goodwill of $ 30.1 million as a result of the acquisition,all of which is deductible for taxpurposes.

Index

10

TheCompanyrecorded transactioncostsof$ 594 thousand inthefirstquarter offiscal 2026and$ 6.6 millioninthefourth quarteroffiscalyear2025,respectively,asaresultoftheEchoLakeFoodsacquisition,withinselling,generaland administrative expenses in the condensedconsolidated statements of income. Acquisition of Clean Egg, LLC Effective October 10, 2025 , the Company acquired certain assets of Clean Egg, LLC (“CleanEgg”) based in Langwood, Texas, for approximately $ 23.7 million. The assets acquired included 677 thousand brown cage-free andfree-range layers and pullets andotherinventory,machineryandequipmentrelatedtoitsprocessingfacilityandcontractproduction.TheCompany accounted for the acquisition as abusiness combination. Note 3 - Investment Securities Available-for-Sale The followingrepresents the Company’sinvestment securitiesavailable-for-sale as ofNovember 29,2025 andMay 31,2025 (in thousands): November 29, 2025 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Municipal bonds $ 19,861 $ 57 $ — $ 19,918 Commercial paper 21,329 — 6 21,323 Corporate bonds 534,429 2,547 — 536,976 Certificates of deposits 4,240 12 — 4,252 US government and agency obligations 142,433 196 — 142,629 Treasury bills 44,404 36 — 44,440 Total current investment securities $ 766,696 $ 2,848 $ 6 $ 769,538 May 31, 2025 Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Municipal bonds $ 21,695 $ 3 $ — $ 21,698 Commercial paper 90,880 — 50 90,830 Corporate bonds 431,378 130 — 431,508 Certificates of deposits 5,200 — 6 5,194 US government and agency obligations 240,655 — 260 240,395 Treasury bills 103,119 — 36 103,083 Total current investment securities $ 892,927 $ 133 $ 352 $ 892,708 Actual maturities may differ fromcontractual maturities as some borrowers have the right tocall or prepay obligations withor without penalties. Contractual maturities ofcurrent investment securities at November29, 2025 are as follows (in thousands): Estimated Fair Value Within one year $ 316,249 1-5 years 453,289 Total $ 769,538 Note 4 - Fair Value Measurements The Companyis requiredto categorize bothfinancial and nonfinancialassets andliabilities based onthe followingfair value hierarchy. The fairvalue ofan assetis theprice atwhich theasset couldbe soldin anorderly transaction betweenunrelated, knowledgeable, and willing parties able to engage in the transaction. A liability’s fair value is defined as the amount that would be paidtotransfer theliability toa newobligor ina transactionbetween suchparties, nottheamount thatwould bepaidto settle the liability with the creditor. • Level 1 - Quoted prices in active marketsfor identical assets or liabilities

Index

11

• Level 2 - Inputsother thanquoted pricesincluded inLevel 1that areobservable fortheasset orliability,either directly or indirectly, including: ◦ Quoted prices for similar assets or liabilitiesin active markets ◦ Quoted prices for identical or similarassets in non-active markets ◦ Inputs other than quoted prices that areobservable for the asset orliability ◦ Inputs derived principally from or corroboratedby other observable market data • Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for the asset orliability that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value ofthe assets or liabilities The disclosures of fair value ofcertain financial assets andliabilities that are recorded at cost areas follows: Cash and Cash Equivalents, AccountsReceivable, and Accounts Payable The carrying amount approximates fairvalue due to the short maturity of these instruments. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis In accordance with the fair value hierarchy described above, the following table shows the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities thatare required tobe measuredat fairvalue ona recurringbasis asof November29, 2025and May31, 2025(in thousands): November 29, 2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance Assets Municipal bonds $ — $ 19,918 $ — $ 19,918 Commercial paper — 21,323 — 21,323 Corporate bonds — 536,976 — 536,976 Certificates of deposits — 4,252 — 4,252 US government and agency obligations — 142,629 — 142,629 Treasury bills — 44,440 — 44,440 Total assets measured at fair value $ — $ 769,538 $ — $ 769,538 Liabilities Contingent consideration $ — $ — $ 23,000 $ 23,000 Total liabilities measured at fair value $ — $ — $ 23,000 $ 23,000 May 31, 2025 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Balance Assets Municipal bonds $ — $ 21,698 $ — $ 21,698 Commercial paper — 90,830 — 90,830 Corporate bonds — 431,508 — 431,508 Certificates of deposits — 5,194 — 5,194 US government and agency obligations — 240,395 — 240,395 Treasury bills — 103,083 — 103,083 Total assets measured at fair value $ — $ 892,708 $ — $ 892,708 Liabilities Contingent consideration $ — $ — $ 21,500 $ 21,500 Total liabilities measured at fair value $ — $ — $ 21,500 $ 21,500 Investment securities – available-for-saleare all classified as Level 2 and consist of securitieswith maturities of three months or longerwhenpurchased. Weclassifiedthesesecurities ascurrent becauseamountsinvested arereadilyavailableforcurrent operations. Observable inputs for these securitiesare yields, credit risks, defaultrates, and volatility. Contingent consideration classifiedas Level 3consistsof the potentialobligation to payan earnout toFassio Egg Farms,Inc. (“Fassio”) contingent onthe acquired businessmeeting certain returnon profitabilitymilestones over a three-year period that commenced on the date of theacquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 2024. The fair value of thecontingent consideration is

Index

12

estimated using a discounted cash flow model. Key assumptions andunobservable inputs that requiresignificant judgment used in the estimate includeweighted average cost ofcapital, egg prices, projectedrevenue and expenses overthe period for which thecontingentconsiderationismeasured,andtheprobabilityassessmentswithrespecttothelikelihoodofachievingthe forecasted projections. The following table shows the beginningand ending balances in fair valueof the contingent consideration (in thousands): Fassio Contingent Consideration Balance, May 31, 2025 $ 21,500 Fair value adjustments 1,500 Balance, November 29, 2025 $ 23,000 Adjustments to the fair value of contingent considerationare recorded within the selling, generaland administrative expenses in the condensed consolidation statements of income. Note 5 - Inventories Inventories consisted of the following asof November 29, 2025 and May31, 2025 (in thousands):

November 29, 2025 May 31, 2025 Flocks, net of amortization $ 174,456 $ 166,507 Feed and supplies 109,583 99,188 Raw materials and finished goods inventory 56,549 29,975 $ 340,588 $ 295,670 Wegrowandmaintainflocksoflayers(maturefemalechickens),pullets(femalechickens,under18weeksofage),and breeders(maleandfemalechickensusedtoproducefertileeggstohatchforeggproductionflocks).Ourtotalflockat November 29, 2025 and May31, 2025 consistedof approximately 11.4 million and 11.5 million pullets and breeders and 49.3 million and 48.3 million layers, respectively. Note 6 - Equity The following reflects equity activity forthe thirteen weeks ended November29, 2025 and November 30, 2024 (in thousands): Thirteen Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stockholders Treasury Paid In Accum. Other Retained Noncontrolling Amount Amount Capital Comp. Income Earnings Interest Total Balance at August 30, 2025 $ 751 $ ( 85,891) $ 82,134 $ 954 $ 2,698,811 $ 5,158 $ 2,701,917 Other comprehensive income, net of tax — — — 372 — — 372 Stock compensation plan transactions — 4 1,380 — — — 1,384 Contributions — — — — — 979 979 Repurchase of shares — ( 75,590) — — — — ( 75,590) Dividends ($ 0.719 per share) — — — — ( 34,223) — ( 34,223) Net income — — — — 102,759 168 102,927 Balance at November 29, 2025 $ 751 $ ( 161,477) $ 83,514 $ 1,326 $ 2,767,347 $ 6,305 $ 2,697,766

Index

13

Thirteen Weeks Ended November 30, 2024 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stockholders Class A Treasury Paid In Accum. Other Retained Noncontrolling Amount Amount Amount Capital Comp. Loss Earnings Interest Total Balance at August 31, 2024 $ 703 $ 48 $ ( 31,632) $ 77,503 $ ( 474) $ 1,856,405 $ ( 3,490) $ 1,899,063 Other comprehensive loss, net of tax — — — — ( 434) — — ( 434) Stock compensation plan transactions — — ( 29) 1,097 — — — 1,068 Contributions to Crepini Foods LLC — — — — — — 6,485 6,485 Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in MeadowCreek Foods LLC — — — — — ( 3,826) 3,826 — Dividends ($ 1.489 per share) Common — — — — — ( 65,911) — ( 65,911) Class A common — — — — — ( 7,147) — ( 7,147) Net income (loss) — — — — — 219,064 ( 705) 218,359 Balance at November 30, 2024 $ 703 $ 48 $ ( 31,661) $ 78,600 $ ( 908) $ 1,998,585 $ 6,116 $ 2,051,483 Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stockholders Accum. Other Treasury Paid In Comp. Income Retained Noncontrolling Amount Amount Capital (Loss) Earnings Interest Total Balance at May 31, 2025 $ 751 $ ( 85,893) $ 80,845 $ ( 1,007) $ 2,565,928 $ 5,391 $ 2,566,015 Other comprehensive income, net of tax — — — 2,333 — — 2,333 Stock compensation plan transactions — 6 2,669 — — — 2,675 Contributions — — — — — 979 979 Repurchase of shares — ( 75,590) — — — — ( 75,590) Dividends ($ 2.097 per share) — — — — ( 100,680) — ( 100,680) Net income (loss) — — — — 302,099 ( 65) 302,034 Balance at November 29, 2025 $ 751 $ ( 161,477) $ 83,514 $ 1,326 $ 2,767,347 $ 6,305 $ 2,697,766

Index

14

Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 30, 2024 Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Stockholders Class A Treasury Paid In Accum. Other Retained Noncontrolling Amount Amount Amount Capital Comp. Loss Earnings Interest Total Balance at June 1, 2024 $ 703 $ 48 $ ( 31,597) $ 76,371 $ ( 1,773) $ 1,756,395 $ ( 3,104) $ 1,797,043 Other comprehensive income, net of tax — — — — 865 — — 865 Stock compensation plan transactions — — ( 64) 2,229 — — — 2,165 Contributions to Crepini Foods LLC — — — — — — 6,485 6,485 Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in MeadowCreek Foods LLC — — — — — ( 3,826) 3,826 — Dividends ($ 2.509 per share) Common — — — — — ( 110,986) — ( 110,986) Class A common — — — — — ( 12,038) — ( 12,038) Net income (loss) — — — — — 369,040 ( 1,091) 367,949 Balance at November 30, 2024 $ 703 $ 48 $ ( 31,661) $ 78,600 $ ( 908) $ 1,998,585 $ 6,116 $ 2,051,483 Note 7 - Net Income per CommonShare Basic netincome pershareattributable toCal-Maine Foods,Inc. isbased ontheweighted average sharesof CommonStock (and when theywere outstandingshares ofClass ACommon Stock) outstanding.All shares ofClass ACommon Stockwere converted into CommonStock onApril 14, 2025.Diluted net income pershare attributable toCal-Maine Foods, Inc.is based on weighted-average shares ofCommon Stockoutstanding during therelevant period adjusted forthe dilutive effectof share- based awards.

Index

15

Thefollowingtableprovidesareconciliationofthenumeratorsanddenominatorsusedtodeterminebasicanddilutednet income per common share attributable toCal-Maine Foods, Inc. (amounts inthousands, except pershare data): Thirteen Weeks Ended Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 November 30, 2024 November 29, 2025 November 30, 2024 Numerator Net income $ 102,927 $ 218,359 $ 302,034 $ 367,949 Less: Gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 168 ( 705) ( 65) ( 1,091) Net income attributable to Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. $ 102,759 $ 219,064 $ 302,099 $ 369,040 Denominator Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic 48,019 48,765 48,150 48,762 Effect of dilutive restricted shares 148 205 145 191 Weighted-average common shares outstanding, diluted 48,167 48,970 48,295 48,953 Net income per common share attributable to Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. Basic $ 2.14 $ 4.49 $ 6.27 $ 7.57 Diluted $ 2.13 $ 4.47 $ 6.26 $ 7.54 Note 8 - Stock Based Compensation Total stock-based compensation expense was $ 2.7 million and $ 2.2 million for the twenty-six weeks ended November29, 2025 and November 30, 2024, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense asa resultof non-vestedshares ofequity-based awards outstandingunder theAmended and Restated 2012 Omnibus Long-Term Incentive Plan at November 29, 2025 of $ 6.9 million will be recorded over a weighted average period of 1.9 years. Refer to Part II Item8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 13 – Stock-Based Compensation in our 2025Annual Report for further informationon our stock compensation plans. The Company’s equity-based award activity for the twenty-sixweeks ended November29, 2025 was as follows: Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Outstanding, May 31, 2025 212,717 $ 66.93 Granted 17,424 100.42 Vested ( 529) 54.10 Forfeited ( 1,411) 84.09 Outstanding, November 29, 2025 228,201 $ 69.41

Index

16

Note 9 – Segment Reporting The Company has one operating and one reportable segment, which is the production, packaging, marketingand distribution of shell eggs,prepared foods and eggproducts. The Company is managed on aconsolidated basis. The Company’soperating segment isdetermined on thebasis of ourorganizational structure and information thatis regularly reviewed by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). The Company’sCODM is Sherman Miller,President and Chief Executive Officer. The CODM reviews net income, which is reported on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income,to assess the performance of, andmake decisions onhow toallocate resources to, thesegment. The CODM utilizesconsolidated expense information regularly provided in theCODM package in order to assistwith assessing performance and deciding how toallocateresources,whichalignwiththeconsolidatedexpensecategoriesasdisclosedonthefaceoftheCondensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The measure ofsegment assets is reported onthe CondensedConsolidated Balance Sheet as Total assets. Revenue primarilyderives fromthesales ofshelleggs,prepared foods,and eggproducts throughouttheUnited States.The Company’sshell eggproduct offeringsinclude specialtyand conventionalshelleggs. Specialty shelleggs includecage-free, organic, brown,free-range, pasture-raisedand nutritionallyenhanced eggs.Conventional shelleggs salesrepresentallother shell egg sales not sold as specialty shell eggs. The Company’s preparedfoods include offerings such as pre-cooked egg patties, omelets,folded andscrambled eggformats, hard-cookedeggs,pancakes,waffles,and specialtywraps.Eggproducts include liquid and frozen egg products.Other sales representfeed sales, miscellaneous byproducts andresale products. The following table provides revenuedisaggregated by product category(in thousands): Thirteen Weeks Ended Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 November 30, 2024 November 29, 2025 November 30, 2024 Conventional shell egg sales $ 363,865 $ 616,891 $ 869,806 $ 1,101,627 Specialty shell egg sales 285,702 286,970 569,158 543,747 Prepared foods 71,650 10,439 155,586 19,377 Egg products 34,531 30,212 71,638 56,449 Other 13,750 10,159 25,912 19,342 $ 769,498 $ 954,671 $ 1,692,100 $ 1,740,542 The following table provides revenuedisaggregated by sales channel(in thousands): Thirteen Weeks Ended Twenty-six Weeks Ended November 29, 2025 November 30, 2024 November 29, 2025 November 30, 2024 Retail $ 625,363 $ 810,420 $ 1,365,150 $ 1,480,129 Foodservice 124,936 133,880 277,021 243,725 Other 19,199 10,371 49,929 16,688 $ 769,498 $ 954,671 $ 1,692,100 $ 1,740,542 Retail customers include primarily national and regionalgrocery store chains, club stores,and companies servicing independent supermarketsintheU.S.Foodservicecustomersincludeprimarilycompaniesthatsellfoodproductsandrelateditemsto restaurants, conveniencestores, healthcare and education facilitiesand hotels. Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies In re Shell Eggs Litigation SinceNovember6,2025,theCompanyhasbeennamedasadefendantin eight lawsuitsfiledinfederalcourtalleging substantially identical claims, including: (1) the following lawsuits in the SouthernDistrict of Indiana: (a) King Kullen Grocery Co., Inc.v.Cal-Maine Foods,Inc., etal., CaseNo. 1:25-cv-2274,(b) Nineteenseventynine LLCd/b/a TheBreakfast Joyntv. Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., etal., Case No. 1:25-cv-2301, (c)Taylor EggProducts, Inc. v.Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., etal., Case No. 1:25-cv-2554,and(d)Hudsonv.Cal-MaineFoods,Inc.etal.,CaseNo.1:25-cv-02573;(2)thefollowinglawsuitsinthe Northern District of Illinois: (a) Birchmans Parisian, LLC (d/b/a Lisciandro's Restaurant) v.Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., et al., Case No. 1:25-cv-14030, (b) Phil-N-Cindy's Lunch, Inc. v.Cal-Maine Foods, Inc., etal., Case No.1:25-cv-14082, (c) Yell-O-Glow

Index

17

Corporation v.Cal-Maine Foods,Inc., etal., CaseNo. 1:25-cv-15084,and (d)TariqHabash, DeliaGovea, AndrewPhillips, andCatalinaTorresv.UrnerBarryPublications,Inc.,Cal-MaineFoods,Inc.,etal.,CaseNo.1:25-cv-14112;and(3)the following lawsuits in the WesternDistrict of Wisconsin:(a) Matthew Edlin v. Cal-Maine Foods,Inc., et al., Case No. 3:25-cv- 946and(b)IndiaPrice,LakiaSession,andKarenSolomonv.Cal-MaineFoods,Inc.,etal.,CaseNo.3:25-cv-1016.The lawsuits generallyallege that theCompany,along with otheregg producers and industryassociations, conspired toartificially inflate the prices of conventional shelleggs nationwide, primarily through manipulation of industryprice benchmarks (such a s theUrnerBarryEggIndexandEggsClearinghouse,Inc.spotmarket),coordinatedreportingandsupplyrestrictions, particularly during the calendar year 2022 avian flu outbreak. In each case, the plaintiff seeks certification of a putative class of either direct orindirect purchasers, monetarydamages, injunctiverelief, attorneys’ fees,and, insome cases,restitution under Section 1 of the Sherman Act, 15 U.S.C.§ 1 (the “Sherman Act”) andvarious state antitrust andconsumer protection statutes. OnNovember 19,2025,a motiontotransfer allcasestotheSouthernDistrictof Indianawas filedwiththeJointPanelon Multidistrict Litigation (“JPML”) toconsolidate the actions for pre-trial proceedings.The defendants, includingthe Company, have respondedtosuch motionalso seekingconsolidation intheSouthern Districtof Indiana.The partiesineach casehave agreed to stay the deadline forthe Company toanswer or otherwise respond to thecomplaints pending JPML proceedings. No discoveryhastakenplaceinanyoftheactions.TheCompanydisputesplaintiffs’allegationsineach oftheseactionsand intends to vigorously defend itself in theseactions. Civil Investigative Demand InMarch2025,theCompanyreceivedaCivilInvestigativeDemand(“CID”)fromtheDepartmentofJustice(“DOJ”)in connection with an antitrust investigation to determine whether there is,has been or may bea violation of theantitrust laws by anticompetitive conductbyand amongegg producers.In August2025, theCompany receiveda subpoenafrom theStateof New Yorkrequesting information and documentsrelated to its investigationof anticompetitive conduct and high eggprices in the eggindustry.Additionally, variousstate AttorneysGeneral have soughtto jointhe DOJ’sinvestigation orhave requested access to the confidential disclosures by the Company to DOJ.The Company is complying with the CID and the subpoena and cooperating with the investigations. Managementcannot predict the eventual scope, duration oroutcome of these investigations and is unable to estimate the amount or rangeof potential losses, if any, at this time. State of Texas v.Cal-Maine Foods, Inc. d/b/a Wharton;and Wharton County Foods,LLC On April 23, 2020,the Company and itssubsidiary Wharton County Foods, LLC (“WCF”) were named as defendantsin State of Texasv.Cal-Maine Foods,Inc. d/b/aWharton; andWharton CountyFoods, LLC,Cause No.2020-25427, inthe District Court ofHarris County,Texas.The Stateof Texas(the “State”) assertedclaims basedon theCompany’sand WCF’salleged violationoftheTexasDeceptiveTradePractices—ConsumerProtectionAct,Tex.Bus.&Com.Code§§17.41-17.63 (“DTPA”).TheStateclaimedthattheCompanyandWCFofferedshelleggsatexcessive orexorbitantpricesduringthe COVID-19stateofemergencyandmademisleadingstatementsaboutshelleggprices.TheStatesoughttemporaryand permanentinjunctionsagainsttheCompanyandWCFtopreventfurtherallegedviolationsoftheDTPA,alongwithover $ 100,000 in damages. On August 13,2020, the court granted thedefendants’ motion to dismiss theState’s original petition with prejudice. On September 11, 2020, the State fileda notice of appeal, which was assigned to the TexasCourt of Appeals for the FirstDistrict.OnAugust16,2022,theappealscourtreversedandremandedthecasebacktothetrialcourtforfurther proceedings. On October 31, 2022, theCompany and WCF appealed the First District Court’s decision to the Supreme Court of Texas.On September29, 2023,the Supreme Courtof Texasdenied theCompany’s Petitionfor Reviewand remanded tothe trialcourtforfurtherproceedings.OnNovember30,2024,theStatefiledanamendedpetition,primarilytoaddressa procedural deficiencythatrequiredtheStatetogenerallypleaditwasseekingmonetaryreliefover$ 1.0 millionincluding restitution,civilpenalties,attorney’sfeesandcosts.Pre-trialproceedingsareprogressinginaccordancewiththecourt’s schedule. Management believesthe risk of material loss related to thismatter to be remote. Kraft Foods Global, Inc. et al. v. United Egg Producers,Inc. et al. On September 25, 2008,the Company was namedas one ofseveral defendants in numerousantitrust cases involvingthe U.S. shellegg industry.The Companysettled allof thesecases, exceptfor theclaimsof certainplaintiffs whosought substantial damages allegedly arisingfrom thepurchase ofegg products(as opposedto shelleggs). Theseremaining plaintiffsare Kraft Food Global, Inc., General Mills,Inc., and Nestle USA, Inc. (the“Egg Products Plaintiffs”) and, untila subsequent settlement was reached as describedbelow, The Kellogg Company. On September13, 2019, thecase withthe Egg Products Plaintiffswas remanded from amulti-district litigation proceedingin theUnitedStatesDistrictCourtfor theEasternDistrictof Pennsylvania,Inre ProcessedEggProductsAntitrustLitigation, MDL No. 2002, to the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Kraft Foods Global, Inc. et al.v. United EggProducers, Inc.etal., CaseNo. 1:11-cv-8808, fortrial.The EggProducts Plaintiffsalleged thatthe Companyand other defendantsviolatedSection1oftheShermanAct, 15.U.S.C.§1,byagreeing tolimit theproduction ofeggsand thereby

Index

18

illegallyto raisetheprices thatplaintiffs paidfor processedegg products.In particular,theEggProducts Plaintiffsattacked certain features of the United Egg Producers animal-welfare guidelines and program used by the Company and many other egg producers. On October 24, 2019, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreementwith The Kellogg Company dismissing all claims against the Company foran amount that did nothave a material impact on the Company’sfinancial condition or results of operations.On November 11,2019, astipulationfor dismissalwas filedwith thecourt, andon March28, 2022,thecourt dismissed the Company with prejudice. The trial of this case began on October 17, 2023. OnDecember 1, 2023, the jury returned a decision awarding the EggProducts Plaintiffs $ 17.8 million in damages. On November 6, 2024, the courtentered a final judgement against the Company and other defendants, jointlyand severally,totaling$ 43.6 millionafter trebling.OnDecember 4,2024,theCompanyfiled arenewed motion for judgment as a matter of law or for a new trial, and a motion to alter or amend the judgment. On December 13, 2024, thecourt granteddefendants’ November20,2024motiontostayenforcement ofthejudgmentand enteredan agreedorder requiring thedefendants topost security duringpost-judgment proceedings andappeal, and stayedproceedings toenforce the judgment until the disposition of the post-judgment motions and ultimate appeals. OnDecember 17, 2024, the Company posted a bondinthe approximateamount of$ 23.9 million, representinga portionof thetotal bondrequired topreserve theright to appealthetrialcourt’sdecision.Anotherdefendantpostedabondfortheremainingamount.OnNovember19,2025,the plaintiffs filed a motionto lift stay ofproceedings on attorney’s fees andcosts, and on December 5,2025, the defendants filed theirresponseinoppositiontosuchmotion.Thecourthasnotruledonthismotion.The Companyintendstocontinueto vigorously defend the claims asserted bythe Egg Products Plaintiffs. If thejury’sdecision isultimately upheld, theCompany wouldbe jointly andseverally liable withother defendants fortreble damages,or$ 43.6 million,subject tocreditforcertainsettlementswithprevious settlingdefendants, plustheEggProduct Plaintiffs’reasonableattorneys’fees.Duringoursecondfiscalquarter of2024,werecordedanaccruedexpenseof$ 19.6 million inselling, general andadministrative expenses inthe Company’sCondensed ConsolidatedStatements ofIncome and classifiedasothernoncurrent liabilitiesintheCompany’sCondensed ConsolidatedBalance Sheets.Althoughlessthanthe bondpostedbytheCompany,theaccrualrepresentsourestimateoftheCompany’sproportionalshareofthereasonably possible ultimate damages award, excluding the Egg Product Plaintiffs’ attorneys’fees that we believe would be approximately offsetbythecreditsnotedabove.Wehaveenteredintoajudgmentallocationandjointdefenseagreement withtheother defendants remaining in the case. Our accrual may changein the future to the extent we are successful in further proceedings in the litigation. State of Oklahoma Watershed Pollution Litigation On June 18, 2005,the State ofOklahoma filed suit, inthe United States DistrictCourt for the Northern Districtof Oklahoma, against Cal-MaineFoods, Inc.and TysonFoods, Inc.,Cobb-Vantress,Inc., Cargill,Inc., George’s,Inc., PetersonFarms, Inc. and SimmonsFoods,Inc., andcertain oftheir affiliates.The Stateof Oklahomaclaims thatthroughthedisposal ofchicken litter the defendants pollutedthe Illinois River Watershed.This watershed provides water toeastern Oklahoma. The complaint soughtinjunctive reliefand monetarydamages, buttheclaim formonetary damageswas dismissedbythecourt. Cal-Maine Foods,Inc.discontinuedoperationsinthewatershed inoraround2005.Sincethelitigationbegan,Cal-MaineFoods,Inc. purchased 100 %ofthemembershipinterestsofBentonCountyFoods,LLC,whichisanongoingcommercialshellegg operation within theIllinois River Watershed.Benton County Foods,LLC is nota defendant inthe litigation. Wealso havea number of small contract producersthat operate in the area. The non-jury trial in the case beganin September 2009 and concluded inFebruary 2010. On January 18, 2023, the courtentered findings of fact and conclusionsof law in favor ofthe Stateof Oklahoma, but nopenalties were assessed. The court foundthe defendants jointly andseverally liable forstate law nuisance,federal common lawnuisance, and state lawtrespass. Thecourt also found theproducers vicariously liable forthe actions oftheir contract producers. OnJune 12,2023, the court orderedthe partiestomediate,butthemediationwasunsuccessful.OnJune26,2024,thedistrictcourtdenieddefendants’motionto dismissthecase.OnSeptember13,2024,astatushearingwasheldandthecourtscheduledanevidentiaryhearingfor December 3,2024,todeterminewhetheranylegalremedyisavailablebasedonthenow15-year-oldrecordandchanged circumstances of the Illinois River watershed.On June 17, 2025, the court entered anopinion and order that found that the State satisfied itsburden toshow thatconditions in theIllinois River watershedhave notmaterially changed sincethe original trial andthecasewasnotmoot.OnJuly9,2025,theStateofOklahoma fileditsformof proposedfinal judgmentandbrief in supportthereof seekingover $100millionintotalfines fromalldefendants, includingapproximately $ 18.2 million infines from the Company, plus attorneys’ fees. On July 30, 2025, the Company and other defendants filedtheir form of proposed final judgment andbrief in supportthereof seeking nomonetary fines orpenalties. OnDecember 9, 2025,the courtentered a final judgment imposing approximately $420,000in total penaltiesfor alldefendants and awarding certainnon-monetary remedies, includinginjunctiverelief.Pursuanttothefinaljudgment,theCompanyistopayapproximately $ 70,000 inpenalties.The judgment also entitles theState of Oklahoma toan award ofattorneys’ fees and costs inan amount tobe determined at a later

Index

19

date. The defendants expect to appeal this judgement. No accrual for this legal proceeding has been recorded as such amount is not deemed material. The injunctive relief provides for,among other things, a special master tooversee an investigation, develop a remediation plan subject tocourt approval, andprovide ongoing monitoring ofremediation projects, the costsof which willbe paid jointlyand severallybythedefendants.Thedefendantsarerequiredtofund$10millionwithin5daysofappointmentofthespecial master,andongoingfundingrequirementsof$5millionanytimethefundisbelow$5million.Thisfundingobligation is expectedtocontinueforthe30yearsterm.Thedefendantsareindiscussionsofapotentialexpensesharingagreement; however, theCompanydoes notcurrently expecttohave amaterial shareof thefunding. Theinjunctive reliefalsoincludes certainannualreportingrequirementsandcertainrequirementsonfutureoperationswithintheIllinoisRiverWatershed, including relating to removal of litter,storage, transportation, disposal and future land applications.The Company is reviewing thefinal judgementand currentlycannot estimatethe rangeof possiblelosses, butcurrently doesnot expectthese additional requirements to have a materialimpact on its operations. On December 29, 2025, the defendants, including the Company, filed a motion to stay enforcementof the judgment, and a brief in supportthereof, pending thedefendants’ appeals tothe United StatesCourt ofAppeal for theTenthCircuit. The Company intends to continue to vigorously defendthe claims asserted by the State of Oklahoma. Other Matters In addition to the above, the Company isinvolved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of thesematters cannot be determinedwith certainty,management, upon the advice ofcounsel, isof the opinionthat the final outcome should not have a materialeffect on the Company’s consolidated results ofoperations or financial position.

Index

20

#### ITEM2.MANAGEMENT’S

#### DISCUSSION

#### ANDANALYSISOFFINANCIALCONDITIONANDRESULTSOF

#### OPERATIONS
The following should

be read in

conjunction with Management’s

Discussion and Analysis of

Financial Condition

and Results

of Operations included in Part II Item 7 of the Company’s

Annual Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal year ended May 31, 2025

(the “2025 Annual Report”), and the

accompanying financial statements and

notes included in Part II

Item 8 of the 2025 Annual

Report and in

Part I Item 1

of this Quarterly Report on

Form 10-Q (“Quarterly

Report”).

This Quarterly Report contains numerous

forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section

27A of the Securities

Act

of 1933

(the “Securities Act”)

and Section

21E of

the

Securities Exchange Act

of 1934

(the “Exchange Act”)

relating to

our

business,

including potential

future supply

of

and

demand

for

our

products,

potential

future corn

and

soybean

price

trends,

potential future impact on our business of

the resurgence in United States

(“U.S.”) commercial table egg layer flocks of highly

pathogenic avian influenza (“HPAI”), estimated future production data, expected construction

schedules, projected construction

costs, potential future impact on our business of inflation and changing interest rates, potential future impact on our business of

new legislation, rules or

policies, potential outcomes of legal

proceedings, including loss contingency accruals and factors

that

may result

in changes

in the

amounts recorded, other

projected operating data,

including anticipated results

of operations

and

financial condition, and potential future cash returns to stockholders including the timing and amount of any

repurchases under

our

share

repurchase

program.

Such

forward-looking

statements

are

identified

by

the

use

of

words

such

as

“believes,”

“intends,” “expects,”

“hopes,” “may,”

“should,” “plans,”

“projected,” “contemplates,” “anticipates,”

or similar

words. Actual

outcomes

or

results

could

differ

materially

from

those

projected

in

the

forward-looking

statements.

The

forward-looking

statements

are based

on management’s

current intent,

belief, expectations,

estimates, and

projections regarding

the Company

and its

industry.

These statements

are not

guarantees of future

performance and involve

risks, uncertainties,

assumptions, and

other factors

that

are difficult

to predict

and may

be beyond

our control.

The factors

that could

cause actual

results to

differ

materially from

those projected in

the forward-looking statements include,

among others, (i)

the risk

factors set forth

in Part

I

Item

1A

Risk

Factors of

our

2025

Annual Report,

as

updated in

Part

II

Item

1A

of

this Quarterly

Report,

as

well

as

those

included

in

other

reports

we

file

from

time

to

time

with

the

United

States

Securities

and

Exchange

Commission

(“SEC”)

(including our

Quarterly Reports on

Form 10-Q

and Current

Reports on

Form 8-K),

(ii) the

risks and

hazards inherent in

the

shell egg, egg products and prepared

foods operations (including, as applicable, disease,

pests, weather conditions, and potential

for product

recall), including

but not

limited to

the current outbreak

of HPAI

affecting poultry

in the

U.S., Canada

and other

countries

that

was

first

detected in

commercial

flocks

in

the

U.S.

in

November

2023

and

that

first

impacted

our

flocks

in

December 2023, (iii) changes in the demand for and market prices of

shell eggs and feed costs as well as increase in input costs

for prepared

foods,

(iv) our

ability

to

predict and

meet demand

for cage-free

and other

specialty eggs,

(v) risks,

changes, or

obligations that could result

from our recent or

future acquisition of

new flocks or businesses,

such as our

acquisition of Echo

Lake Foods completed June 2, 2025, and risks or changes that may cause conditions to

completing a pending acquisition not to

be met, (vi) our

ability to successfully integrate and manage recently acquired businesses like Echo Lake Foods and

realize the

expected benefits

of

such

acquisitions, including

synergies, cost

savings,

reduction in

earnings volatility,

margin

expansion,

financial returns, expanded

customer relationships, or sales or growth opportunities, (vii) our

ability to compete effectively with

existing

competitors

and

new market

entrants,

retain

existing

customers,

acquire new

customers

and

grow

our

product mix

including

our prepared

foods

product offerings,

(viii)

the

impacts

and potential

future impacts

of government,

customer and

consumer reactions

to

recent high

market prices

for eggs,

(ix) potential

impacts

to

our business

as a

result

of our

Company

ceasing

to

be

a

“controlled company”

under

the

rules of

The

Nasdaq Stock

Market

on

April

14,

2025,

(x)

risks

relating to

potential changes in inflation, interest rates

and trade and tariff policies, (xi) adverse results in pending litigation and other legal

matters,

and

(xii)

global

instability,

including

as a

result

of the

war

in

Ukraine,

the

conflicts involving

Israel

and

Iran,

and

attacks on

shipping

in

the

Red

Sea. The

actual

timing,

number and

value of

shares

repurchased under

our share

repurchase

program will be determined by

management in its discretion and

will depend on a number of factors, including

but not limited

to, the market price of our Common Stock and general market and economic conditions. The share repurchase program may be

suspended, modified

or discontinued

at

any time

without

prior notice.

Readers are

cautioned

not

to

place undue

reliance on

forward-looking statements because, while we believe the

assumptions on which

the forward-looking statements are based

are

reasonable, there can be no assurance that these forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate. Further, forward-looking

statements included herein are made only as of

the respective dates thereof, or if no date is stated, as

of the date hereof. Except

as otherwise required by law, we disclaim any intent or obligation to update publicly

these forward-looking statements, whether

because of new information, future

events, or otherwise.

COMPANY OVERVIEW

Cal-Maine Foods,

Inc. (“Cal-Maine Foods,”

the “Company,”

“we,” “us,” “our”) is

the largest

egg company

in the

U.S. and

a

leading

player

in

the

egg-based

food

industry.

With

a

strong

national

footprint,

Cal-Maine

Foods

provides

nutritious,

affordable, and sustainable protein to millions

of households every day.

Index

21

The

Company’s

shell

egg

portfolio

spans

the

full

egg

value

ladder—from

conventional

to

specialty,

including

cage-free,

organic,

brown,

free-range,

pasture-raised,

and

nutritionally

enhanced

eggs—serving

both

retail

and

foodservice

customers

nationwide. Cal-Maine

Foods

also

participates in

the

growing prepared

foods

sector,

with

offerings such

as

pre-cooked egg

patties,

omelets,

folded and

scrambled egg

formats, hard-cooked

eggs, pancakes,

waffles,

and specialty

wraps.

Our branded

portfolio

includes

Eggland’s

Best®,

Land

O’Lakes®,

Farmhouse

Eggs®,

4Grain®,

Sunups®,

MeadowCreek

Foods®,

and

Crepini®.

Our operations are integrated, and we have one operating

and reportable segment. Our total flock

as of November 29, 2025,

of

approximately 49.3

million

layers and

11.4

million

pullets

and breeders

is

the

largest

in

the

U.S.

We

sell

our products

to

a

diverse group of customers, including national

and regional grocery store chains, club stores, companies servicing independent

supermarkets

in

the

U.S.,

and

foodservice

distributors

serving

restaurants,

convenience

stores,

healthcare

and

education

facilities and hotels throughout the majority of

the U.S. and aim to maintain efficient, state-of-the-art

operations located close to

our customers.

Our

strategy

includes

three

primary

priorities:

expanding

specialty

eggs

and

prepared

foods,

pursuing

disciplined

growth

through acquisitions and leveraging our

scale, vertical integration, operational

excellence and financial

strength.

Our operating

results

are materially

impacted by

market prices

for eggs

and feed

grains (corn

and soybean

meal), which

are

highly

volatile,

independent

of

each other,

and out

of

our

control. Generally,

higher market

prices

for

eggs

have

a

positive

impact on

our financial results

while higher market prices

for feed grains

have a negative

impact on

our financial results.

Our

pricing for shell eggs

is negotiated with

our customers on individual

terms. We

sell our shell

eggs at prices based

on formulas

that take into

account, in varying ways, independently quoted regional wholesale market prices for shell eggs,

formulas related

to

our costs

of production,

such as

grain-based and

variations of

cost-plus arrangements,

or hybrid

models including

cost

of

production and wholesale market prices.

Almost all of

our conventional eggs are priced and

sold under frameworks that

generally utilize

market-based formulas tied to

independently

quoted

regional

wholesale

market

quotes

or

utilize

the

hybrid

models

described above.

The

majority

of

our

specialty eggs are sold under frameworks

that do not utilize market-based formulas and instead are based

on cost of production,

although

we

do

have

some

customers that

prefer market-based

pricing

for

cage-free

eggs.

As

a

result,

specialty

egg

prices

typically do not fluctuate as much as

conventional pricing. We do

not sell eggs directly to consumers or set the

prices at which

eggs are sold to consumers.

Retail

sales

of

shell

eggs

historically

have

been

highest

during

the

fall

and

winter

months

and

lowest

during

the

summer

months. Prices

for shell eggs

fluctuate in response to

seasonal demand factors and

a natural increase in

egg production during

the

spring

and early

summer.

Historically,

shell

egg prices

tend

to

increase with

the

start

of the

school

year

and tend

to

be

highest

prior

to

holiday

periods,

particularly

Thanksgiving, Christmas

and

Easter.

Consequently,

and

all

other

things

being

equal, we would expect to experience lower selling prices, sales volumes and net income (and may

incur net losses) in our first

and

fourth

fiscal

quarters

ending

in

August/September

and

May/June,

respectively.

Because of

the

seasonal

and

quarterly

fluctuations,

comparisons

of

our

sales

and

operating

results

between

different

quarters

within

a

single

fiscal

year

are

not

necessarily meaningful comparisons.

We

routinely

fill

our

storage

bins

during

harvest

season

when

prices

for

feed

ingredients

are

generally

lower.

To

ensure

continued availability

of feed ingredients,

we may

enter into

contracts for future

purchases of

corn and

soybean meal,

and as

part

of

these

contracts,

we

may

lock-in

the

basis

portion

of

our

grain

purchases

several

months

in

advance.

Basis

is

the

difference between the

local cash

price for grain

and the

applicable futures price. A

basis contract is

a common transaction

in

the grain

market that allows

us to lock-in

a basis level

for a

specific delivery period and

wait to

set the futures

price at

a later

date. Furthermore, due

to the

more limited

supply for organic

ingredients,

we may

commit to purchase

organic ingredients

in

advance to help ensure supply. Ordinarily, we do not enter into long-term contracts beyond

a year to purchase corn and

soybean

meal

or

hedge

against

increases

in

the

prices

of

corn

and

soybean

meal.

Corn

and

soybean

meal

are

commodities

and

are

subject

to

volatile

price

changes

due

to

weather,

various

supply

and

demand

factors,

transportation

and

storage

costs,

speculators,

agricultural, energy and

trade policies

in the

U.S. and

internationally,

and global instability

that could

disrupt the

supply chain.

An important competitive advantage for Cal-Maine

Foods is our ability to meet our customers’ evolving needs with a favorable

mix of branded and private-label products

of conventional and specialty

eggs, including cage-free, organic,

brown, free-range,

pasture-raised and nutritionally-enhanced

eggs as well as prepared

foods and egg products.

Index

22

HPAI

Outbreaks of HPAI

have continued to

occur in U.S.

poultry flocks. From

the HPAI

outbreaks in 2015, there

were no reported

significant

outbreaks

of

HPAI

in

the

commercial

table

egg

layer

flocks

until

the

February

to

December

2022

time

period.

Thereafter,

there were no HPAI

cases affecting commercial layers until November 2023.

In calendar year 2024 and

2025, 40.2

million

and 45.1

million

commercial layer

hens and

pullets

were depopulated

due to

HPAI,

respectively.

The United

States

Department

of

Agriculture

(the

“USDA”)

reported

that

the

estimated

table-egg

layer

flock

as

of

December

1,

2025

was

approximately 302.8

million,

compared to

312.3

million,

319.9 million,

317.7

million

and 331.4

million

as of

December

1,

2024, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

HPAI is currently widespread in the wild bird population worldwide. Further, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease

Control

and Prevention

(“CDC”), as

of December

12,

2025,

there

were outbreaks

in

1,083

herds

of dairy

cows in

18

states,

and 71

human cases in

the U.S.,

almost entirely

among poultry and

dairy workers.

Two

of the

human cases resulted

in severe illness

after the patient was

exposed to sick and

dead birds in

backyard flocks. Both

patients were reported to

have underlying health

conditions and died in

2025. There have been no reported cases of person-to-person spread.

According to the CDC, the

human

health risk to the U.S. public from the HPAI virus is considered to be low.

We remain dedicated to robust biosecurity programs

across our locations

and have invested

more than $83

million in biosecurity

technology,

equipment, supplies, procedures, and

training

across

our

locations

since

the

last

major

HPAI

outbreak

in

2015.

However,

no

farm

is

immune

from

HPAI.

For

example, during

the

third and

fourth quarters

of fiscal

2024, we

experienced HPAI

outbreaks within

our facilities

located in

Kansas and

Texas,

which

have been

fully

operational since

fiscal 2025.

The extent

of possible

future outbreaks

among U.S.

commercial

egg

layer

flocks,

with

heightened risk

during

migration

seasons, cannot

be predicted.

According

to

the

USDA,

HPAI

cannot

be

transmitted

through

safely

handled

and

properly

cooked

eggs.

There

is

no

known

risk

related

to

HPAI

associated with

eggs that are currently

in the

market and no

eggs have been

recalled. For additional

information, see the

2025

Annual Report,

Part

II

Item 7

“Management’s

Discussion

and Analysis

of Financial

Condition

and Results

of Operations

–

HPAI.”

We have taken

proactive steps to

help mitigate the tight

egg supply situation across the country.

Our efforts resulted in a

2.6%

and 12.7%

increase in

our average

number of

layer hens

and breeder

flocks, respectively,

during the

second quarter

of fiscal

2026 compared to

the same prior-year

period. Total

chicks hatched increased 65.1%

during the second

quarter of fiscal

2026,

compared to

the

prior-year

quarter.

We

also

continue

to

invest

in

expansion projects

within

our

current operations

that

are

expected to add approximately 1.1 million

cage-free layer hens

and 250,000 pullets in fiscal 2026.

CAGE-FREE EGGS

Ten

states

have passed

legislation or

regulations mandating

minimum space

or cage-free

requirements for

egg production

or

mandated

the

sale

of

only

cage-free eggs

and

egg

products

in

their

states,

with

implementation of

these laws

ranging

from

January 2022

to

January 2030.

These states

represent approximately

27% of

the

U.S. total

population according

to

the

2020

U.S.

Census. California,

Massachusetts, Colorado, Michigan,

Oregon, Washington,

and Nevada,

which collectively

represent

approximately 23% of the total estimated U.S.

population,

have cage-free

legislation currently in effect.

A significant number of our customers have announced goals to either exclusively offer cage-free eggs or significantly increase

the

volume

of

cage-free egg

sales

in

the

future,

subject

in

most

cases

to

availability

of supply,

affordability

and

consumer

demand, among other contingencies. Our customers sell

initiatives and product mix are constantly

changing making it difficult

to accurately predict customer requirements for cage-free

eggs. We

are focused on

adjusting our cage-free production capacity

with a

goal of meeting the

future needs of

our customers in light

of changing state requirements

and our customers’

goals. As

always, we strive to offer a

product mix that aligns with current and anticipated customer purchase decisions. We

are engaging

with our customers to

help them meet their announced goals and

needs. We have

invested significant capital in

recent years to

acquire

and

construct

cage-free

facilities,

and

we

expect

our

focus

for

future

expansion

will

continue

to

include

cage-free

facilities. Our volume of cage-free egg sales has continued to increase and account for

a larger share of our product mix.

In the

second

quarter of

fiscal

year

2026,

cage-free

egg

revenue

represented

approximately

33.3%

of

our

total

shell

egg

revenue,

compared to 23.4% in the second quarter of fiscal year 2025. At the

same time, we understand the importance of our continued

ability to

provide conventional

eggs in

order to

provide our

customers with a

variety of

egg choices and

to address

hunger in

our communities.

For

additional

information,

see

the

2025

Annual

Report,

Part

I

Item

1,

“Business

–

Specialty

Eggs,”

“Business

–

Growth

Strategy” and

“Business –

Government Regulation,” and

the first

risk factor in

Part I

Item 1A,

“Risk Factors” under

the sub-

heading “Legal and Regulatory Risk

Factors.”

Index

23

ACQUISITIONS

Effective October 10, 2025, the Company acquired certain

assets of Clean Egg, LLC (“Clean Egg”) based

in Langwood, Texas,

for approximately $23.7 million. The

assets acquired included 677 thousand

brown cage-free and free-range layers and

pullets

and other inventory,

machinery and equipment related to its

processing facility and contract production.

See further discussion

in

Note 2 – Acquisitions

of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated

Financial Statements included

in this Quarterly Report.

Effective June

2,

2025,

the Company

acquired Echo

Lake Foods,

LLC (formerly

Echo Lake

Foods,

Inc.) and

certain related

companies

(collectively

“Echo

Lake

Foods”).

Echo

Lake

Foods

is

based

in

Burlington, Wisconsin

and

produces,

packages,

markets and distributes prepared foods, including

waffles, pancakes, scrambled eggs, frozen

cooked omelets, egg patties, toast

and diced

eggs.

The

acquisition

has expanded

our prepared

foods

product line

and

customer base.

See

further discussion

in

Note 2–Acquisitions

of the

Notes to

Condensed Consolidated

Financial Statements

included in

this

Quarterly Report.

Our

previously announced projects to increase

efficiency and expand production capacity are ongoing and expected

to be completed

in

fiscal 2027.

While these

initiatives are

underway and

are expected

to

drive higher

output, improve

efficiency and

provide

greater operational

flexibility once

complete, Echo

Lake Foods

has and

will experience

a temporary

reduction in

production

volumes

and

higher

costs,

which

began

late

in

the

second

quarter of

fiscal

2026

and

are

expected to

continue

through

the

remainder of fiscal 2026.

During the

third quarter of

fiscal 2025, we

acquired certain assets

of Deal-Rite Foods,

Inc. and certain of

its affiliates

(“Deal-

Rite”). The assets acquired included two feed mills, storage facilities, usable grain, vehicles,

related equipment and a retail feed

sales business located in

North Carolina. The acquired assets

will produce and

deliver feed

to our nearby shell

egg production

operations.

During

the

second

quarter

of

fiscal

2025,

we

completed

a

strategic

investment

with

Crepini

LLC,

establishing

a

new

egg

products and prepared foods venture. Crepini

LLC, founded in 2007,

grew its brand throughout the U.S.

and Mexico featuring

egg

wraps,

protein

pancakes,

crepes,

and

wrap-ups,

which

are

sold

online

and

in

over

3,500

retail

stores.

The

new

entity,

located

in

Hopewell

Junction,

New

York,

operates

as

Crepini

Foods

LLC

(“Crepini”).

We

capitalized

Crepini

with

approximately $6.75

million in

cash to

purchase additional equipment

and other

assets and

fund working

capital in

exchange

for a 51% interest in the new venture.

Crepini LLC contributed its existing assets and business

in exchange for a 49%

interest in

the new venture.

In

fiscal

2022,

we

announced a

strategic

investment

in

a

new

entity,

MeadowCreek

Food,

LLC

(“MeadowCreek”), which

became a majority-owned subsidiary of

the Company. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, MeadowCreek

began operations

with

a

focus

on

being

a

leading

provider

of

hard-cooked

eggs.

During

the

second

quarter of

fiscal

2025,

we

acquired

the

remaining ownership interests in MeadowCreek

and it became a wholly-owned subsidiary

of the Company.

During the

first quarter of

fiscal 2025,

we acquired substantially

all the

commercial shell egg

production, processing

and egg

products breaking

assets of

ISE

America, Inc.

and certain

of its

affiliates (“ISE”).

The assets

acquired included

commercial

shell

egg production

and processing

facilities

with

a capacity

at

the

time

of acquisition

of approximately

4.7

million

laying

hens, including 1.0 million cage-free, and 1.2

million pullets, feed mills,

approximately 4,000 acres of land, inventories and an

egg products breaking facility. The acquired assets also include

an extensive customer distribution network across

the Northeast

and Mid-Atlantic states,

and production operations in

Maryland, New Jersey,

Delaware and South Carolina.

These production

assets

are

our

first

in

Maryland,

New

Jersey

and

Delaware. We

believe

this

acquisition provides

us

with

an

opportunity to

significantly enhance our market reach

in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states.

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW

For the

second quarter and

the first

twenty-six weeks of

fiscal 2026,

we recorded a

gross profit

of $207.4

million and

$518.7

million,

respectively,

compared

to

$356.0

million

and

$603.3

million,

respectively,

for

the

same

periods

of

fiscal

2025,

primarily driven by a decrease

in the net average selling price

of shell eggs, particularly conventional eggs.

Our net

average selling

price per

dozen

for shell

eggs for

the

second quarter

of

fiscal 2026

declined 26.5%

to

$2.014

from

$2.740 in the prior-year period. Average

conventional egg prices per dozen declined 38.8% to $1.802 from $2.943 in the prior-

year period. Average specialty

egg prices per dozen declined

0.8% to $2.369

from $2.387 in the prior-year

period. Our dozens

sold for the second quarter of

fiscal 2026 decreased

2.2% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2025.

Wholesale shell

egg prices are

volatile, cyclical,

and impacted by

a number

of factors, including

consumer demand, seasonal

fluctuations, the

number and

productivity of

laying hens

in the

U.S., outbreaks

of agricultural

diseases such

as HPAI,

severe

weather patterns and

retailers go-to-market strategies and how

they manage their inventories.

We

believe the

recent decline in

wholesale

egg

prices

primarily

reflects

improved

egg

supply

and

more

normalized

demand

patterns,

following

disruptions

Index

24

associated with HPAI in the prior year. Compared to the same period last year, panic-driven purchasing activity appears to have

subsided, and improved

pipeline availability relative

to the

prior-year period appears

to have reduced the

need for accelerated

purchasing or

inventory builds by

retailers and foodservice

operators. As a

result, wholesale prices have

declined, while

retail

prices have adjusted more gradually.

The daily

average price for

the Urner

Barry Southeast

Large Index

in the

second quarter

of fiscal

2026 fell

38.3%, while

the

USDA daily average price

for large shell eggs dropped 40.8% compared to the same

period last year.

Following the end of the quarter, the

Urner Barry Southeast Large Index continued to decline, falling from $2.69 on November

28, 2025, to $1.21 on December

30, 2025, a decrease

of 55.0%.

According to the USDA, the monthly average size of the layer hen flock from September through November 2025 (which

most

closely aligns

with our

second fiscal quarter)

was approximately

303.6 million

hens, a decrease of

5.5 million

hens, or

1.8%,

compared to the same period in

the previous year.

During the second quarter of fiscal 2026, 2.7

million hens were depopulated

due

to

HPAI,

compared

with

7.4

million

during

the

same

period

of

fiscal

2025,

representing

a

63.5%

reduction

in

depopulations.

For more information about historical shell egg prices, see

Part I, Item 1. “Business – Price for Shell Eggs” of our 2025 Annual

Report.

Prepared food sales for

the second quarter of fiscal 2026 increased

$61.2 million, compared to the second fiscal quarter

of fiscal

2025,

primarily

due to

our acquisition

of Echo

Lake

Foods in

the

first

quarter of

fiscal 2026.

See

above

for

discussion of

temporary reduction in production volumes

which contributed to the $22.7

million decrease in prepared foods sales, compared

to first fiscal quarter of 2026.

Our farm production costs per

dozen produced for the

second quarter of

fiscal 2026 increased 2.8%,

or $0.03 compared to

the

prior year

period, primarily

due to

higher other

farm production

costs. Other

farm production

costs increased 7.4%

primarily

due to high

facility costs compared to the comparable period in

the prior year.

Feed costs per dozen produced decreased 1.2%,

or

$0.01

in

the

second

quarter

of

fiscal

2026,

compared to

the

second

quarter

of

fiscal

2025,

primarily

due

to

lower

feed

ingredient prices. For information about historical corn and soybean meal

prices, see Part I, Item 1.

“Business – Feed Costs for

Shell

Egg

Production” of

our 2025

Annual Report.

Our prepared

foods

cost

of sales

increased $46.0

million

for the

second

quarter of fiscal 2026 compared

to the prior-year period,

primarily due to the acquisition of

Echo Lake Foods.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The following table sets

forth, for the periods indicated, certain items

from our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income

expressed as a percentage

of net sales.

Thirteen Weeks Ended

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29,

2025

November 30,

2024

November 29,

2025

November 30,

2024

Net sales

100.0

%

100.0

%

100.0

%

100.0

%

Cost of sales

73.0

%

62.7

%

69.3

%

65.3

%

Gross profit

27.0

%

37.3

%

30.7

%

34.7

%

Selling, general and administrative

10.8

%

8.1

%

9.0

%

8.0

%

(Gain) loss on involuntary conversions

—

%

—

%

(0.4)

%

—

%

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets

0.1

%

—

%

—

%

(0.1)

%

Operating income

16.1

%

29.2

%

22.1

%

26.8

%

Total other income, net

1.6

%

1.1

%

1.6

%

1.3

%

Income before income

taxes

17.7

%

30.3

%

23.7

%

28.1

%

Income tax expense

4.3

%

7.4

%

5.8

%

6.8

%

Net income

13.4

%

22.9

%

17.9

%

21.3

%

Less: Income (loss) attributable to

noncontrolling interest

—

%

(0.1)

%

—

%

(0.1)

%

Net income attributable to Cal-Maine

Foods, Inc.

13.4

%

23.0

%

17.9

%

21.4

%

Index

25

NET SALES

Total

net sales

for the

second quarter

of fiscal

2026 were

$769.5 million

,

compared to

$954.7 million

for the

same period

of

fiscal 2025.

Shell egg

sales represented 84.4%

and 94.6%

of total

net sales

for the

second quarters

of fiscal

2026 and

2025, respectively.

The Company’s

shell egg offerings,

for both branded and private-label products, include specialty and conventional shell eggs.

Specialty

shell

eggs

include

cage-free,

organic,

brown,

free-range,

pasture-raised

and

nutritionally

enhanced

shell

eggs.

Conventional shell eggs sales represent all

other shell egg sales not

sold as specialty shell eggs.

The Company’s

prepared food

offerings

include

items

such

as

pre-cooked

egg

patties,

omelets,

folded

and

scrambled

egg

formats,

hard-cooked

eggs,

pancakes, waffles, and specialty wraps.

Egg product offerings include liquid and frozen

egg products. Other sales represent

feed

sales, miscellaneous byproducts and resale

products.

Total net sales for both the twenty-six weeks ended November

29, 2025 and November 30, 2024 was

$1.7 billion.

Shell

egg

sales

represented

85.0%

and

94.5%

of

total

net

sales

for

the

twenty-six

weeks

ended

November

29,

2025

and

November 30, 2024, respectively.

The table below presents net sales in key

categories (in thousands, except

percentage data):

Thirteen Weeks Ended

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29, 2025

November 30,

2024

% Change

November 29, 2025

November 30,

2024

% Change

Shell Eggs

$

649,567

$

903,861

(28.1)

%

$

1,438,964

$

1,645,374

(12.5)

%

Prepared foods

71,650

10,439

586.4

155,586

19,377

702.9

Egg products

34,531

30,212

14.3

71,638

56,449

26.9

Other

13,750

10,159

35.3

25,912

19,342

34.0

Total net sales

$

769,498

$

954,671

(19.4)

%

$

1,692,100

$

1,740,542

(2.8)

%

The table below presents an analysis of

our shell egg sales (in thousands, except

percentage data):

Thirteen Weeks Ended

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

Shell egg sales

Conventional

$

363,865

56.0

%

$

616,891

68.3

%

$

869,806

60.4

%

$

1,101,627

67.0

%

Specialty

285,702

44.0

286,970

31.7

%

569,158

39.6

543,747

33.0

Total shell egg sales

$

649,567

100.0

%

$

903,861

100.0

%

$

1,438,964

100.0

%

$

1,645,374

100.0

%

Dozens sold

Conventional

201,963

62.6

%

209,597

63.5

%

401,256

62.7

%

409,586

64.0

%

Specialty

120,623

37.4

120,247

36.5

238,917

37.3

230,237

36.0

Total dozens sold

322,586

100.0

%

329,844

100.0

%

640,173

100.0

%

639,823

100.0

%

Net average selling price

per dozen

Conventional

$

1.802

$

2.943

$

2.168

$

2.690

Specialty

$

2.369

$

2.387

$

2.382

$

2.362

All shell eggs

$

2.014

$

2.740

$

2.248

$

2.572

Shell egg sales

Second Quarter – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

In

the

second

quarter of

fiscal

2026,

conventional

egg

sales

decreased $253.0

million,

or

41.0%,

compared to

the

second quarter of fiscal 2025, primarily due to a

38.8

%

decrease in the prices for conventional eggs, which resulted in

a $230.4 million

decrease in net sales and a 3.6%

decrease in the volume

of conventional dozens sold, which resulted

in a $19.9 million decrease

in net sales.

Index

26

-

Specialty

egg

sales

decreased $1.3

million,

or

0.4%, in

the

second

quarter of

fiscal

2026,

compared to

the

second

quarter of fiscal

2025, primarily

due to

a 0.8%

decrease in prices

for specialty

eggs, which resulted

in a

$2.1 million

decrease in

net sales,

offset by

a 0.3%

increase in

the

volume of

specialty eggs

sold, which

resulted in

$1.0 million

increase in net sales.

-

See “Executive Overview” above for additional discussion of factors impacting shell

egg sales for the second quarters

of fiscal 2026 and 2025.

Twenty-six weeks – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

For

the

twenty-six

weeks

ended

November

29,

2025,

conventional

egg

sales

decreased $231.8

million,

or

21.0%,

compared to

the

same

period

of

fiscal

2025,

primarily

due

to

a

decrease in

the

prices

for

conventional

shell

eggs.

Prices for

conventional eggs

decreased 19.4%,

which resulted

in

a $209.5

million

decrease in

net sales,

and a

2.0%

decrease in the volume of conventional eggs

sold resulted in a $22.4 million decrease

in net sales.

-

Specialty egg sales increased $25.4 million, or 4.7%, for the twenty-six weeks ended November 29, 2025 compared to

the

same

period

in

fiscal

2025,

primarily

due

to

an

increase in

the

volume

of

specialty

eggs

sold.

The

volume

of

specialty eggs sold increased 3.8%, which resulted in

a $20.5 million increase in net sales,

and the prices for specialty

eggs increased 0.8%, which resulted

in a $4.8 million increase in net sales.

During the first two

quarters of fiscal 2026,

a higher proportion

of our conventional eggs

were sold on a

hybrid pricing model

that takes into account both our cost of production

as well as wholesale market prices,

instead of solely market-based pricing,

in

response to

customer demand.

We

believe the

hybrid pricing

arrangement may

help some

customers better

plan and

manage

their businesses

and reinforces our

role as

a trusted

supplier.

Although hybrid

pricing may

reduce our

profitability

when egg

prices are high, compared to pure market-based pricing, it

could enhance our profitability when egg prices are low,

and lead to

reduced volatility in our financial results.

Prepared foods sales

Second Quarter – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

The acquisition

of Echo

Lake Foods

positively impacted our

net

sales with

an increase

of $56.6

million in

revenue,

compared to the second quarter

of fiscal 2025.

Twenty-six weeks – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Prepared foods

net

sales increased

$136.2

million,

compared to

fiscal

2025,

primarily

due to

the

additional

$127.1

million in revenue from the acquisition

of Echo Lake Foods in the first quarter

of fiscal 2026.

Egg products sales

Second Quarter – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Egg

products sales

increased $4.3

million,

or 14.3%,

in

the

second

quarter of

fiscal 2026,

compared to

the

second

quarter of

fiscal 2025,

primarily due

to

a 10.1%

increase in

the net

average selling

price, resulting

in a

$3.0 million

increase in net sales.

Twenty-six weeks – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Egg

products sales

increased $15.2

million,

or 26.9%,

primarily due

to

increased net

average selling

price. The

net

average

selling

price

increased

17.0%,

resulting

in

a

$10.4

million

increase

in

net

sales,

and

an

8.5%

increase

in

pounds sold, resulted in a $5.6 million

increase in net sales.

Index

27

COST OF SALES

Cost of sales

consists of costs

directly related to producing, processing and packaging shell

eggs, purchases of shell eggs from

outside sources,

processing and

packing of

prepared foods

and egg

products,

and other

non-egg costs.

Farm production

costs

are those

costs incurred

at

our egg

production facilities,

including feed,

facility (including

labor), hen

amortization and

other

related farm production costs.

The following table presents our cost

of sales (in thousands):

Thirteen Weeks Ended

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29,

2025

November 30,

2024

%

Change

November 29,

2025

November 30,

2024

%

Change

Cost of sales

Farm production

$

263,794

$

258,246

2.1

%

$

523,721

$

499,947

4.8

%

Processing, packaging,

and warehouse - shell

eggs

103,916

98,823

5.2

205,063

190,534

7.6

Egg purchases and other

cost of sales

112,109

198,030

(43.4)

275,703

366,479

(24.8)

Prepared foods

57,583

11,626

395.3

122,797

21,741

464.8

Egg products

24,710

31,904

(22.5)

46,116

58,581

(21.3)

Total cost of sales

$

562,112

$

598,629

(6.1)

%

$

1,173,400

$

1,137,282

3.2

%

Farm production costs (per

dozen produced)

Feed

$

0.477

$

0.483

(1.2)

%

$

0.475

$

0.488

(2.7)

%

Other

$

0.449

$

0.418

7.4

%

$

0.453

$

0.421

7.6

%

Total farm production cost

$

0.926

$

0.901

2.8

%

$

0.928

$

0.909

2.1

%

Dozens produced

289,886

288,035

0.6

%

572,260

554,874

3.1

%

Percent produced to sold

89.9%

87.3%

3.0

%

89.4%

86.7%

3.1

%

Second Quarter – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Farm

production costs

increased 2.1%

primarily

due to

increased production

costs

to

run our

facilities,

specifically

within labor and repairs and maintenance,

partially offset by a 1.2% decrease

in feed costs.

-

Processing, packaging and

warehouse increased $5.1

million,

as our

processing costs

and packing

materials

cost per

dozen increased 5%

which had a $4.7 million increase

in cost of sales.

-

Egg

purchases and

other

cost

of

sales

decreased

$85.9

million,

primarily

due

to

a

29.7%

decrease in

the

price

of

outside egg purchases compared

to the second quarter of fiscal 2025, which resulted

in a $61.0 million decrease in cost

of sales, and a 11.5%

decrease in the volume of outside egg purchases,

compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2025,

which resulted in a $26.6 million decrease

in cost of sales.

-

Prepared foods

costs

increased primarily

due

to

the

acquisition of

Echo

Lake

Foods

which increased

cost

of

sales

$42.9 million compared to the second

quarter of fiscal 2025.

Twenty-six weeks – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Farm

production costs

increased 4.8%

primarily

due to

increase in

eggs

produced, which

resulted

in

$15.8

million

increase in cost of sales, and a 2.1% increase in production costs.

This increase was primarily due to the same reasons

as described above.

-

Processing, packaging and warehouse increased $14.5 million,

as our processing costs and

packing materials

cost per

dozen increased 5% which had

a $9.2 million

increase in cost of sales,

as well as

increase volume of

eggs processed,

which resulted in $3.5 million increase

in cost of sales

Index

28

-

Egg

purchases and

other

cost

of

sales

decreased

$90.8

million,

primarily

due

to

a

14.9%

decrease in

the

price

of

outside egg

purchases compared to

the same

prior-year period,

which resulted

in a

$57.3

million decrease in

cost of

sales, and

a

9.6% decrease

in

the

volume

of outside

egg

purchases compared

to

the

same

prior-year

period, which

resulted in a $41.1 million decrease

in cost of sales.

-

Prepared foods

costs

increased primarily

due

to

the

acquisition of

Echo

Lake

Foods

which increased

cost

of

sales

$94.6 million compared to the twenty-six weeks

ended November 30, 2024.

Current indications

for corn

and soybean

project a

favorable stocks-to-use ratio

for us

near the levels

prevailing today

for the

remainder of fiscal 2026; however, as

long as outside

factors remain uncertain (including trade and tariff negotiations, weather

patterns and global supply chain disruptions),

volatility could remain.

GROSS PROFIT

Gross profit for the second

quarter of fiscal 2026 was $207.4 million, compared to $356.0 million for

the same period of 2025.

The decrease

was primarily

driven by

26.5% lower

net

average selling

prices

for shell

eggs

and 2.2%

lower shell

egg sales

volume,

offset

partially by

lower egg

prices for

outside purchases

and a

3% increase

in

percent produced

to

sold,

as well

as

contributions from prepared

foods.

Gross profit for the twenty-six

weeks ended November 26, 2025 was $518.7

million, compared to $603.3 million

for the same

period of 2026.

The decrease was primarily driven by 12.6% lower net

average selling prices

for shell eggs, offset

partially by

a decrease in the price and

volume of outside egg purchases, as dozens produced increased 3.1%, as well

as contributions from

prepared foods.

SELLING, GENERAL, AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Selling,

general,

and

administrative

(“SGA”)

expenses

include

costs

of

delivery,

marketing,

and

other

general

and

administrative expenses. Delivery expense includes contract trucking expense and all

costs to maintain and operate our fleet of

trucks to

deliver products

to customers including

the related payroll

expenses. Marketing expense includes

franchise fees tha

t

are

submitted

to

Eggland’s

Best,

Inc.

(“EB”)

to

support

the

EB

brand,

brokerage

and

commission

fees,

and

other

general

marketing expenses

such as

payroll expenses

for our

in-house

sales team.

Other general

and administrative

expenses include

corporate payroll related

expenses and other

general corporate overhead costs.

The following table presents

an analysis of

our

SGA expenses (in thousands):

Thirteen Weeks Ended

November 29,

2025

November 30,

2024

$ Change

% Change

Delivery expense

$

26,402

$

23,666

$

2,736

11.6

%

Marketing expense

14,686

15,074

(388)

(2.6)

%

Other general and administrative expenses

41,799

38,893

2,906

7.5

%

Total

$

82,887

$

77,633

$

5,254

6.8

%

Second Quarter – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Delivery expense increased

primarily due to the acquisition of Echo Lake Foods.

-

In the second quarter of

fiscal 2026, other general

and administrative expenses increased 7.5%,

compared to the prior

year period,

primarily due to the acquisition of Echo Lake Foods and increased

spending in professional and legal fees.

This was partially offset

by a reduced charge

in the change in

earnout liability

recorded in the prior year period

and a

reduction in the accrual for

anticipated employee bonuses compared

to the prior year period.

Index

29

Twenty-six Weeks Ended

November 29, 2025

November 30, 2024

$ Change

% Change

Delivery expense

$

52,445

$

44,730

$

7,715

17.2

%

Marketing expense

29,148

29,426

(278)

(0.9)

%

Other general and administrative

expenses

70,808

65,409

5,399

8.3

%

Total

$

152,401

$

139,565

$

12,836

9.2

%

Twenty-six weeks – Fiscal 2026 vs. Fiscal 2025

-

Delivery

expense

increased 17.2%

in

fiscal

2026,

compared to

fiscal

2025.

This

increase was

primarily

due

to

the

acquisition of Echo Lake Foods.

-

In fiscal 2026, other general and

administrative expenses increased 8.3% in fiscal 2026

compared to fiscal 2025. This

increase was primarily due to the same

reasons as described above.

GAIN ON INVOLUNTARY CONVERSION

In the first quarter of fiscal 2026, we recorded a gain of $7.5 million due to business interruption insurance

recoveries

related to

a weather-related event

that occurred in fiscal 2021.

OPERATING INCOME

For

the

second

quarter

of

fiscal

2026,

we

recorded

operating

income

of

$123.9

million,

compared

to

operating

income

of

$278.1 million for the same period of

fiscal 2025.

For the

twenty-six weeks

ended November 29, 2025,

we recorded operating income

of $373.1

million,

compared to operating

income of $465.0 million for the same

period of fiscal 2025.

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE)

Total

other

income

(expense)

consists

of

items

not

directly

charged

or

related

to

operations,

such

as

interest

income

and

expense, equity in income or

loss of unconsolidated entities, and patronage dividends,

among other items. Patronage dividends

are paid to us from our membership in

the EB cooperative.

For the second quarter of fiscal 2026,

we earned $12.5 million of interest income compared to $9.9 million for the same period

of fiscal 2025, primarily

due to higher average cash and cash equivalents

and investment securities available-for-sale balances.

The

Company

recorded interest

expense

of

$201

thousand

and $150

thousand

for

the

second quarters

ended

November

29,

2025 and November 30, 2024, respectively.

For the twenty-six weeks ended November 29, 2025, we earned $25.5 million of interest income compared to $19.9 million for

the same

period of fiscal

2025, primarily due to

higher average cash and

cash equivalents and investment

securities available-

for-sale balances. The Company recorded

interest expense of $351 thousand and $310 thousand for the twenty-six weeks ended

November 29, 2025 and November

30, 2024, respectively.

INCOME TAXES

For

the

second

quarter

of

fiscal

2026,

our

pre-tax

income

was

$136.1

million,

compared to

$289.0

million

for

the

second

quarter of fiscal 2025. Income

tax expense of $33.2

million was recorded for second

quarter 2026 with

an effective tax rate

of

24.4%. For the second quarter 2025, income

tax expense was $70.6 million with

an effective tax rate

of 24.4%.

For the

twenty-six weeks

ended November 29,

2025, pre-tax

income was

$399.3 million,

compared to

$486.9 million

for the

same period

of fiscal

2025. Income tax

expense of $97.3

million was recorded for

the twenty-six

weeks ended November

29,

2025,

with

an effective

tax

rate of

24.4%. For

the

same period

fiscal 2025,

income tax

expense was

$119.0

million

with an

effective tax rate of 24.4%.

Items causing our effective tax rate to

differ from the federal statutory income tax rate of

21% are state income taxes, offset

by

certain federal tax credits and

certain items included in

income or loss for

financial reporting purposes that

are not included in

Index

30

taxable income or loss

for income tax purposes, including

tax exempt interest income, certain nondeductible expenses, and net

income or loss attributable to noncontrolling

interest.

NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE

TO CAL-MAINE FOODS, INC.

Net

income

attributable to

Cal-Maine

Foods,

Inc.

for

the

second

quarter ended

November

29,

2025

was

$102.8

million,

or

$2.14 per

basic and $2.13

per diluted common share,

compared to net

income attributable to Cal-Maine Foods,

Inc. of

$219.1

million, or $4.49 per basic and $4.47 per

diluted common share,

for the same period of fiscal

2025.

Net income

attributable to Cal-Maine Foods,

Inc. for the

twenty-six weeks ended

November 29, 2025,

was $302.1 million,

or

$6.27 per

basic and $6.26

per diluted common share,

compared to net

income attributable to Cal-Maine

Foods, Inc.

of $369.0

million or $7.57 per basic and $7.54 per

diluted common share, for the same

period of fiscal 2025.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Working Capital and Current Ratio

Our working

capital was

$1.5

billion

at

November 29,

2025,

compared to

$1.7

billion

at

May 31,

2025.

The calculation

of

working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities. Our current ratio was 8.0 at November 29, 2025 compared to

6.4 at

May 31, 2025.

The increase in

our current ratio

is primarily due

to a

decrease in dividends

payables with respect to

our

second quarter 2026. The current

ratio is calculated by dividing current assets by current

liabilities.

Cash Flows from Operating Activities

For the twenty-six weeks ended November 29, 2025, $373.4 million in net cash was provided by operating

activities, compared

to

$240.2

million

provided by

operating activities

for the

comparable period

in

fiscal 2025.

The increase

in

cash flow

from

operating

activities

resulted

primarily

from

an

increase

in

cash

collections

from

customers

and

the

addition

of

Echo

Lake

Foods.

Cash Flows from Investing Activities

For

the

twenty-six

weeks

ended

November

29,

2025,

$246.0

million

was

used

in

investing

activities,

primarily

due

to

the

acquisitions of

Echo Lake

Foods and

Clean Egg

and purchases

of

investment securities, compared

to

$247.4 million

used in

investing activities in the same period of fiscal 2025. Purchases

of investment securities were $345.4 million during the twenty-

six weeks

ended November 29, 2025,

and sales and maturities

of investment securities

were $490.4 million during

the period.

Sales

and

maturities

of

investment

securities

were

$426.5

million

in

the

prior-year

period

while

purchases

of

investment

securities were $501.6 million

during the period. Cash paid

for business acquisitions,

net of cash acquired, was $299.0

million

in

the

twenty-six weeks

ended November

29, 2025,

related to

the

Echo Lake

Foods and

Clean Egg

acquisitions, and

$111.5

million in

the prior-year period,

related to the

ISE acquisition. Purchases of

property, plant

and equipment were

$92.1 million

and $65.6 million in fiscal 2026 and 2025,

respectively, primarily reflecting progress on our

construction projects.

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

For the twenty-six weeks ended November

29, 2025, $255.4 million was used in financing

activities, primarily due to dividends

paid of $180.5 million in

fiscal 2026, compared to $87.8 million in

the same prior-year period. Purchases of common

stock by

treasury were $74.9

million

during the

twenty-six weeks

ended November

29, 2025,

due

to the

repurchase of

common stock

under the Company’s share repurchase

program.

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents

As of November 29, 2025,

cash,

cash equivalents and restricted

cash decreased $128.0 million

since May 31, 2025,

compared

to a decrease of $97.6 million during the same period of fiscal

2025. The decrease is primarily due to the cash paid for the

Echo

Lake Foods acquisition during the first quarter

of fiscal 2026 and higher dividends paid with respect

to our first quarter of fiscal

2026.

Credit Facility

On

November

15,

2021,

we

entered into

a

credit

agreement that

provides

for

a senior

secured revolving

credit

facility

(the

“Credit Facility”),

in

an initial

aggregate principal

amount of

up to

$250 million

with

a five-year

term. As

of November

29,

Index

31

2025,

no

amounts

were borrowed

under

the

Credit

Facility

and we

had $4.7

million

in outstanding

standby letters

of credit

issued under our Credit Facility for the benefit

of certain insurance companies.

Share Repurchase Program

In February 2025, the Company’s

Board of Directors (“Board”) approved a $500 million

share repurchase program. The share

repurchase program authorizes the Company,

in management’s discretion,

to repurchase Common Stock

from time to

time for

an aggregate

purchase price

up

to

$500 million

(exclusive of

any fees,

taxes, commissions

or other

expenses related

to such

repurchases), subject to market conditions

and other factors. The actual timing,

number and value of shares

repurchased under

the

program will

be determined

by management

in

its discretion

and will

depend on

a number

of factors,

including,

but not

limited to,

the market price

of the

Common Stock

and general market and

economic conditions.

During the twenty-six

weeks

ended November 29, 2025, the Company repurchased 846,037 shares or approximately $74.8 million under the program. As of

the

end

of

the

second

quarter

of

fiscal

2026,

we

had

remaining

authorization

to

purchase up

to

$375.2

million

under

the

repurchase program. See

Part II. Item 2. Unregistered Sales ofEquity Securities and Use of Proceeds

for further information.

The Company expects to strategically and opportunistically

repurchase shares from time to time through solicited

or unsolicited

transactions in the open

market, in privately negotiated transactions or

by other means

in accordance with securities laws. The

Company

expects that

share repurchases under

the

program

will

be funded

from existing

cash balances

and future

free cash

flow. The

share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific amount of shares, does not have

an expiration date, and may be suspended,

modified or discontinued at any

time without prior notice.

Dividends

In

accordance

with

our

variable

dividend

policy,

we

will

pay

a

cash

dividend

totaling

approximately

$34.3

million,

or

approximately $0.719 per share,

to holders of our Common Stock with respect

to our second quarter of fiscal

2026. The amount

paid per share will vary based on the number of outstanding shares on the record date. The dividend is payable on February 12,

2026, to holders of record

on January 28, 2026.

Material Cash Requirements

Material cash requirements

for operating activities primarily consist

of feed ingredients,

processing, packaging and warehouse

costs,

employee

related

costs,

maintenance

capital

expenditures

and

other

general

operating

expenses.

Our

material

cash

requirements for growth capital expenditures consist

primarily of our construction projects

to increase our production

capacity

of prepared foods and cage-free shell

egg production. We

believe our current cash

balances, investments, projected cash flows

from operations,

and available

borrowings under

our Credit

Facility will

be sufficient

to fund

our cash

needs for

at

least the

next 12 months and to fund our capital commitments currently

in place thereafter. Future acquisitions of businesses

may require

additional financing.

IMPACT OF RECENTLY

ISSUED ACCOUNTING

STANDARDS

For information on changes in accounting principles and new

accounting principles,

see “

New Accounting Pronouncements and

Policies”

in

Note1-SummaryofSignificantAccountingPolicies

of

the

Notes

to

Condensed

Consolidated

Financial

Statements included in this Quarterly

Report.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

Critical accounting

estimates are those

estimates made

in accordance

with U.S.

generally accepted

accounting principles

that

involve

a significant

level of

estimation uncertainty

and have

had or

are

reasonably likely

to

have a

material impact

on

our

financial condition

or results

of operations.

There have

been no

changes to

our critical

accounting

estimates identified in

our

2025 Annual Report.

## ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVEDISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKETRISK
There have been no material changes

in our exposure to market risk during the

twenty-six weeks ended November

29, 2025

from the information provided in Part II

Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative

Disclosures About Market Risk

in our 2025

Annual Report.

Index

32

#### ITEM 4.CONTROLS

#### AND

#### PROCEDURES

#### Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our disclosure

controls and procedures are designed

to provide reasonable assurance that

information required to

be disclosed

by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time

periods specified

in

the

SEC’s

rules and

forms. Disclosure controls

and procedures

include,

without

limitation,

controls and

procedures designed

to

ensure that

information required

to be

disclosed by

us in

the

reports that

we file

or submit

under the

Exchange Act

is

accumulated and

communicated

to

management,

including

our

principal

executive

and

principal

financial

officers, or persons performing similar functions,

as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based

on

an

evaluation

of

our

disclosure

controls

and

procedures

conducted

by

our

Chief

Executive

Officer

and

Chief

Financial

Officer,

together

with

other

financial

officers,

such

officers

concluded

that

our

disclosure

controls

and

procedures

were

effective as of November

29, 2025 at the reasonable assurance

level.

#### Changes in Internal Control Over

#### Financial Reporting
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended November 29, 2025

that

has

materially

affected,

or

is

reasonably

likely

to

materially

affect,

our

internal

control

over

financial

reporting.

As

disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report,

we completed the acquisition of Echo Lake Foods during the first quarter of fiscal

2026.

As

permitted

by

SEC

guidance,

the

scope

of

management’s

review

of

its

internal

control

over

financial

reporting

excluded Echo Lake Foods.

Index

33

#### PARTII. OTHER INFORMATION

#### ITEM 1.LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Refer

to

the

discussion

of

certain

legal

proceedings involving

the

Company

and/or

its

subsidiaries

in

(i)

our

2025

Annual

Report,

Part

I Item

3

Legal Proceedings,

and Part

II Item

8,

Notes to

Consolidated Financial

Statements and

Supplementary

Data,

Note

16

-

Commitments

and

Contingencies,

and

(ii)

in

this

Quarterly

Report

in

Note10

-Commitmentsand

Contingencies

of

the

Notes

to

Condensed Consolidated

Financial

Statements,

which discussions

are

incorporated herein

by

reference.

#### ITEM 1A.RISK

#### FACTORS
Except

as

set

forth below,

there

have

been

no

material

changes

in

the

risk

factors

previously

disclosed in

the

2025

Annual

Report. The following risk factors

should be read in conjunction with

the risk factors set forth in the 2025

Annual Report.

#### Our shell eggs, egg products and prepared foods
offerings are susceptible to contamination, and we may be required to,

or we may voluntarily, recall contaminated products.

We

sell

food products

for human

consumption,

including shell

eggs,

egg products

and prepared

foods,

which involves

food

safety risks such as:

●

food

contamination

caused

by

disease-producing

organisms

or

pathogens,

such

as

Listeria

monocytogenes

,

Salmonella

Enteritidis

,

and

pathogenic

E

Coli

.,

including

contamination

caused

by

introduction

of

pathogens

as

a

result of

improper handling by

customers or consumers (over

which we

have no

control) or by

operational errors by

suppliers or co-manufacturers

or in our facilities;

●

mislabeling, including with respect to food allergens;

●

food spoilage;

●

nutritional and health-related concerns;

and

●

product tampering.

Shipment of contaminated, mislabeled,

spoiled or otherwise deficient products, even

if inadvertent, could result in a violation of

law and lead to increased risk of exposure to product liability claims, product recall or withdrawal

and scrutiny by federal, state

and

local

regulatory

agencies.

We

have

little,

if

any,

control

over

proper

handling

once

the

product

has

been

shipped

or

delivered.

In

addition,

products

purchased

from

other

producers

could

contain

contaminants,

or

be

spoiled,

mislabeled

or

otherwise deficient that

might be

inadvertently redistributed or sold

by us.

This has

occurred in the

past and may

occur in the

future. As

such, we

might decide

or be

required to

recall or

withdraw a

product if

we, our

customers or

regulators believe

it

poses

a potential

health risk.

Any shipment

of deficient

product or

any action

taken in

response, such

as a

product recall

or

withdraw,

could

result

in

a

loss

of

consumer

confidence in

our

products,

adversely

affect

our

reputation

with

existing

and

potential

customers

and

have

a

material

adverse

effect

on

our

business,

results

of

operations

and

financial

condition.

We

currently maintain

insurance with

respect to

certain of

these risks,

including product

liability

insurance, business

interruption

insurance, product recall insurance and general

liability insurance, but

in many cases such

insurance is expensive and difficult

to obtain, and no assurance can be given that such

insurance can be maintained in the future on acceptable terms or in sufficient

amounts to protect us against losses due

to any such events, or at all.

#### Our business is highly competitive.
The production and sale of

fresh shell eggs, which accounted for 94.3%

to 95.3% of our

net sales in our

last three fiscal years,

is intensely competitive. We

compete with a large number

of competitors that

may prove to be

more successful than we are

in

producing, marketing and selling shell eggs.

We cannot provide assurance that we will be able

to compete successfully with any

or all

of these companies.

Increased competition could result in

price reductions, greater cyclicality,

reduced margins and

loss

of market share, which would negatively

affect our business, results of operations, and

financial condition.

In

addition,

our

growth

strategy

includes expansion

of

our

product

offerings

including

prepared foods.

The

prepared

foods

business is intensely competitive and includes competition from other prepared food companies and other suppliers of prepared

and

convenience foods,

including

restaurants, grocery

stores

and

convenience stores,

many

of

which

have

more

experience

operating prepared and

convenience foods

businesses. In

response to

these competitive

pressures, we may

have to

reduce the

prices of

our products,

or increase or reallocate

our spending

on marketing, advertising

and promotional activity.

Competitive

pressures may also restrict our ability to increase

prices, including in response to commodity and

other input cost increases. Our

profits could decrease if either a

reduction in prices or increase in

costs without comparable increase in price is

not offset with

Index

34

increased sales volume. Alternatively,

if we do not

reduce our prices or

increase our prices,

as applicable, and our competitors

seek advantage through pricing or

promotional changes, our revenues

and market share could be

adversely affected.

## ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OFEQUITY SECURITIES AND USEOF PROCEEDS
The following table is a summary of our second

quarter 2026 share repurchases:

#### Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

#### TotalNumber of

#### Maximum Approximate

#### Shares Purchased

#### Dollar Value of

#### TotalNumber

#### Average

#### as Part of Publicly

#### Shares that May Yet

#### of Shares

#### Price Paid

#### Announced Plans

#### Be Purchased Under

#### Period

#### Purchased

#### per Share

#### Or Programs

#### the Plans or Programs (a)
08/31/25 to 09/27/25

—

$

—

—

$

—

09/28/25 to 10/25/25

241,483

90.95

241,483

428,038,125

10/26/25 to 11/29/25

604,554

87.47

604,554

375,157,877

846,037

$

88.46

846,037

$

375,157,877

(a)

In

February

2025,

the

Company

announced

a

$500

million

share

repurchase

program.

The

share

repurchase

program

authorizes

the

Company,

in

management’s

discretion, to

repurchase shares

of Common Stock

from time to

time for an

aggregate purchase

price up to $500

million (exclusive

of any

fees,

taxes,

commissions

or

other

expenses

related

to such

repurchases),

subject

to

market

conditions

and other

factors.

The

share

repurchase

program

does

not

obligate the

Company to

repurchase

any specific

amount of shares,

does not

have an

expiration date,

and may

be suspended,

modified or

discontinued at

any

time without prior notice.

#### ITEM 5.OTHER INFORMATION
During the second quarter of fiscal 2026, no

director or officer of the Company

adopted

or

terminated

any Rule 10b5-1 trading

arrangement or

non-Rule

10b5-1

trading arrangement, as such

terms are defined in Item 408(a)

of Regulation S-K.

## ITEM 6. EXHIBITS
Exhibits

No.

Description

2.1

Echo Lake Foods Purchase Agreement(incorporated by referenceto Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant’s Form

10-Q, filed April 8, 2025)

3.1

Fourth Amended and Restated Certificateof Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporatedby referenceto

Exhibit 4.1 in the Registrant’s Form S-3, filed April 15, 2025,Registration No. 333-286548)

3.2

Amended and Restated Bylaws of theRegistrant (incorporated by referenceto Exhibit 3.2 to the

Registrant’s Form 8-K, filed March 27, 2025)

31.1*

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the ChiefExecutive Officer

31.2*

Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the ChiefFinancial Officer

32**

Section 1350 Certification of the ChiefExecutive Officer and theChief Financial Officer

101.SCH*+

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL*+

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

Document

101.DEF*+

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

Document

101.LAB*+

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE*+

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

104

Cover Page Interactive Data

File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in

Exhibit 101)

*

Filed herewith as an Exhibit.

**

Furnished herewith as an Exhibit.

+

Submitted electronically with this Quarterly

Report.

Index

35

#### SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the

requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,

the registrant has duly caused this

report to be signed

on

its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto

duly authorized.

CAL-MAINE FOODS, INC.

(Registrant)

Date:

January 7, 2026

/s/ Max P. Bowman

Max P.

Bowman

Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial Officer)

໿

Date:

January 7, 2026

/s/ Matthew S. Glover

Matthew S. Glover

Vice President – Accounting

(Principal Accounting Officer)

໿