<div align='center'>UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

WASHINGTON, DC 20549

_________________

FORM 8-K

_________________

CURRENT REPORT

PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 23, 2026

_________________

LEVI STRAUSS & CO.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)</div>

| Delaware                 |     | 001-06631   |     | 94-0905160     |
| (State                   
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation)           |     | -Commission 
 File        
 Number      |     | -I.R.S.        
 Employer       
 Identification 
 No.            |

<div align='center'>1155 Battery Street

San Francisco, California 94111

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(415) 501-6000

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

_________________</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (See General Instruction A.2. below):

| ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) |

| ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240. 13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                              | Trading symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered |
| Class A Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share | LEVI              | New York Stock Exchange                   |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

| ITEM 5.02 | Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. |

On January 23, 2026, Christopher McCormick informed the Board of Directors
(the “Board”) of Levi Strauss & Co. (the “Company”) of his decision to retire as a member of the Board effective
as of the Company’s 2026 annual meeting of shareholders (the “2026 Annual Meeting”). Therefore, Mr. McCormick will not
stand for reelection to the Board at the 2026 Annual Meeting. Mr. McCormick’s decision was not due to any disagreement with the
Company or the Board. Mr. McCormick intends to continue to serve as a director until the completion of his current term at the 2026 Annual
Meeting.

<div align='center'>SIGNATURES</div>

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| Date: | January 29, 
 2026        | By:    | LEVI STRAUSS & CO.        
 /s/                       
 David Jedrzejek           |
|:------|:------------|:-------|:--------------------------|
|       |             | Name:  | David Jedrzejek           |
|       |             | Title: | Senior Vice President and 
 General Counsel           |