### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
<div align='center'>____________________________________________________________________</div>

#### FORM 8-K
<div align='center'>____________________________________________________________________</div>

### CURRENT REPORT

#### Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

#### Securities Exchange Act of 1934
<div align='center'>Date of Report (date of earliest event reported): February 5, 2026

____________________________________________________________________</div>

#### Boyd Gaming Corporation
<div align='center'>(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

____________________________________________________________________</div>

#### 6465 South Rainbow Boulevard

#### Las Vegas, Nevada 89118
<div align='center'>(Address of Principal Executive Offices, Including Zip Code)

( 702) 792-7200

(Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code)

(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.  ☐

Item 2.02. Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On February 5 , 2026, Boyd Gaming Corporation issued a press release announcing its financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2025. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

#### Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits

### SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.