### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### Washington, D.C. 20549
<div align='center'>_________________________</div>

#### FORM 8-K
<div align='center'>_________________________</div>

### CURRENT REPORT

#### Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

#### of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

#### Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

#### February 5, 2026
<div align='center'>_________________________</div>

#### QUALYS, INC.
<div align='center'>(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

_________________________</div>

| Delaware                     |     | 001-35662   |     | 77-0534145         |
| (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation)            |     | -Commission 
 File Number |     | -IRS Employer      
 Identification No. |

#### 919 E. Hillsdale Boulevard, 4th Floor

#### Foster City, California 94404
<div align='center'>(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(650) 801-6100

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

_________________________</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

| o |     | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                  |
| o |     | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                 |
| o |     | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |
| o |     | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                      |     | Trading Symbol(s) |     | Name of each exchange on which registered |
| Common stock, $0.001 par value per share |     | QLYS              |     | The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC               |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company o

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

### Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On February 5, 2026, Qualys, Inc. (“Qualys”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. In the press release, Qualys also announced that it will hold a conference call on February 5, 2026, to discuss its financial results for the quarter and fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. The full text of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

This information is intended to be furnished under Item 2.02 of Form 8-K, “Results of Operations and Financial Condition” and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

### Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.

| Exhibit No. 
 99.1        |     | Description                                                                                              
 Press release issued by Qualys, Inc. dated February 5, 2026                                              |
|:------------|:----|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104         |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) |

### SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

|     |     | QUALYS, INC.                   |
| By: |     | /s/ JOO MI KIM                 |
|     |     | Name: Joo Mi Kim               
 Title: Chief Financial Officer |

Date: February 5, 2026