### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
<div align='center'>_______________________________________________________</div>

#### FORM 8-K
<div align='center'>_______________________________________________________</div>

### CURRENT REPORT
<div align='center'>Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 3, 2026

_______________________________________________________</div>

#### UPWORK INC.
<div align='center'>(Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

_______________________________________________________</div>

| Delaware                                       |     |            |     | 001-38678               |     |                       46-4337682 |
| (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) |     |            |     | -Commission File Number |     | -IRS Employer Identification No. |
| 530 Lytton Avenue, Suite 301                   |     |            |     |                         |     |                                  |
| Palo Alto,                                     |     | California |     |                         |     |                            94301 |
| (Address of Principal Executive Offices)       |     |            |     |                         |     |                        -Zip Code |

<div align='center'>Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: ( 650) 316-7500</div>

#### Not Applicable
<div align='center'>(Former Name or Former Address, if Changed Since Last Report)

_______________________________________________________</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instructions A.2. below):

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of Each Class                       |     | Trading Symbol |     | Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered |
| Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share |     | UPWK           |     | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ¨

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.

On February 9, 2026, Upwork Inc., or the Company, will hold a conference call regarding its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2025. The Company issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2025. The full text of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.

The information furnished with this Item 2.02, including Exhibit 99.1, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any other filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

The Company is making reference to certain financial measures not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, in the press release and the conference call. A reconciliation of GAAP to these non-GAAP results is provided in the press release attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this report.

The Company uses its Investor Relations website (investors.upwork.com), its blog (upwork.com/blog), its X handle (twitter.com/Upwork), Hayden Brown’s X handle (twitter.com/hydnbrwn) and LinkedIn profile (linkedin.com/in/haydenlbrown), and Erica Gessert's LinkedIn profile (linkedin.com/in/erica-gessert) as means of disseminating or providing notification of, among other things, news or announcements regarding its business or financial performance, investor events, press releases, and earnings releases, and as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The content of the Company's websites and information that the Company may post on or provide to online and social media channels, including those mentioned above, and information that can be accessed through the Company's websites or these online and social media channels are not incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document the Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and any references to the Company's websites or these online and social media channels are intended to be inactive textual references only.

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On February 3, 2026, the Company's board of directors adopted amended and restated bylaws, or the Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective immediately, to implement a cure process for certain deficiencies in director nomination notices submitted by stockholders. For nomination notices received by the Company within the time period specified in the Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Company will notify stockholders of deficiencies in the notice and there will be an opportunity to cure such deficiencies within the time period specified.

The foregoing summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amended and Restated Bylaws, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.1 and is incorporated herein by reference.

#### Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.

| Exhibit Number 
 3.1            
 99.1           |     | Description                                                                 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (as amended and restated on February 3, 2026)   
 Press Release dated February 9, 2026                                        |
|:---------------|:----|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104            |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) |

### SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

| Date:February 9, 2026 |     | UPWORK INC. 
 By:         |     | /s/ Erica Gessert       |
|:----------------------|:----|:------------|:----|:------------------------|
|                       |     |             |     | Erica Gessert           
 Chief Financial Officer |