UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 January 5, 2026 Date of report (date of earliest event reported) LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

| Delaware                         |     | 001-34963   |     | 20-3717839          |
| (State or other jurisdictions of 
 incorporation or organization)   |     | -Commission 
 File Number |     | -I.R.S. Employer    
 Identification Nos. |

| 4707 Executive Drive, San Diego, California 92121   |
| (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) |

(800) 877-7210 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) N/A (Former Name or Former Address, if Changed since Last Report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrants under any of the following provisions:

| ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) |

| ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                       |     | Trading   
 Symbol(s) |     | Name of each exchange           
 on which registered             |
| Common Stock - par value $0.001 per share |     | LPLA      |     | The Nasdaq Global Select Market |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of this chapter) Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

| Item 5.02 | Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. |

On January 5, 2026, Somesh Khanna was elected as a director of LPL Financial Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) by the Company’s board of directors (the “Board”), effective immediately. The Board has determined that Mr. Khanna is independent under applicable listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Mr. Khanna will be entitled to a pro-ratedannual service retainer under the Company’s non-employeedirector compensation policy (“Policy”), as described in the compensation section of the Company’s proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2025. He will be awarded cash and restricted shares of the Company’s common stock on February 1, 2026, in amounts determined under the Policy. The restricted shares will vest in full on May 13, 2026.

| Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure. |

A copy of the press release issued by the Company in connection with Mr. Khanna’s election is furnished with this Form 8-Kand attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1. Exhibit 99.1 shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

| Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits. |

| (d) | Exhibits |

| 99.1 |     | Press Release dated January 8, 2026 (“Somesh Khanna Elected to LPL Financial Board of Directors”) |
|:-----|:----|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104  |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).                      |

SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

|        | LPL FINANCIAL HOLDINGS INC. |                            |
| By:    |                             | /s/ Robert S. Hatfield III |
| Name:  |                             | Robert S. Hatfield III     |
| Title: |                             | Secretary                  |

Dated: January 8, 2026