UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of Earliest Event Reported): February 11, 2026 Paycom Software, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

| Delaware(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation)                    | 001-36393(Commission                                                                   
 File Number)                                                                           | 80-0957485(IRS Employer 
 Identification No.)     |
|                                      | 7501 W. Memorial Road, Oklahoma City, Oklahoma(Address of principal executive offices) | 73142(Zip Code)         |

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (405) 722-6900 Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

| ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                  |
| ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                 |
| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |
| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class           |     | Trading Symbol(s) |     | Name of each exchange on which registered |
| Common Stock, $0.01 par value |     | PAYC              |     | New York Stock Exchange                   |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b–2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b–2 of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition. On February 11, 2026, Paycom Software, Inc. (the “ Company ”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2025. A copy of the press release is furnished hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and is incorporated herein by reference. As previously announced, the Company will hold a conference call at 5:00 PM Eastern Time, on Wednesday, February 11, 2026, to discuss its financial results. The information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 (including Exhibit 99.1 hereto) shall not be deemed to be “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “ Exchange Act ”), and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits. (d) Exhibits

| Exhibit No. 
 99.1        |     | Description of Exhibit                                                                                     
 Press release, dated February 11, 2026, issued by Paycom Software, Inc. (furnished pursuant to Item 2.02). |
|:------------|:----|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104         |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).                               |

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| Date: | February 11, 2026 | By: | PAYCOM SOFTWARE, INC.   
 /s/ Robert D. Foster    |
|:------|:------------------|:----|:------------------------|
|       |                   |     | Robert D. Foster        |
|       |                   |     | Chief Financial Officer |

---

### Attachment: payc-ex99_1.htm - EX-99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1
OKLAHOMA CITY – February 11, 2026 – (BUSINESS WIRE) – Paycom Software, Inc.     
(“Paycom,” “we” and “our”) (NYSE: PAYC), a leading provider of comprehensive,   
cloud-based human capital management software, today announced its financial    
results for the quarter and year ended December 31, 2025.                       
                                                                                
“We delivered strong results in 2025, exceeding our strategic and financial     
goals for the year by driving full solution automation and strengthening client 
retention to 91%,” said Paycom’s founder and CEO, Chad Richison. “Our commitment
to world-class service and innovation—including the expansion of automated      
decisioning tools like IWant, Beti, and Gone—continues to set Paycom apart as   
the leader in our industry. With less than 5% of our total addressable market,  
we still have a long runway ahead of us.”                                       
                                                                                
Financial Highlights for the Fourth Quarter of 2025                             
                                                                                
Total Revenuesof $544.3 million represented a 10.2% increase compared to total  
revenues of $493.8 million in the same period last year. Recurring and other    
revenues of $517.1 million increased 11.2% from the comparable prior year period
and constituted 95.0% of total revenues.                                        
                                                                                
GAAP Net Incomewas $113.8 million, or $2.07 per diluted share, compared to GAAP 
net income of $113.6 million, or $2.02 per diluted share, in the same period    
last year.                                                                      
                                                                                
Non-GAAP Net Income1was $134.7 million, or $2.45 per diluted share, compared to 
$130.1 million, or $2.32 per diluted share, in the same period last year.       
                                                                                
Adjusted EBITDA1was $236.3 million, compared to $214.9 million in the same      
period last year.                                                               
                                                                                
Cash and Cash Equivalentswere $370.0 million as of December 31, 2025, compared  
to $402.0 million as of December 31, 2024. During the quarter ended December 31,
2025, Paycom paid $20.6 million in cash dividends and repurchased 554,226 shares
of common stock for $108.8 million, in the aggregate.                           
                                                                                
Total Debtwas $0 as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024.                 
                                                                                
Financial Highlights for the Full Year 2025                                     
                                                                                
Total Revenuesof $2,051.7 million represented a 9.0% increase compared to total 
revenues of $1,883.2 million in the same period last year. Recurring and other  
revenues of $1,938.7 million increased 10.3% from the comparable prior year     
period and constituted 94.5% of total revenues.                                 
                                                                                
GAAP Net Incomewas $453.4 million, or $8.08 per diluted share, compared to GAAP 
net income of $502.0 million, or $8.92 per diluted share, in the same period    
last year.                                                                      
                                                                                
Non-GAAP Net Income1was $518.6 million, or $9.24 per diluted share, compared to 
$462.0 million, or $8.21 per diluted share, in the same period last year.       
                                                                                
Adjusted EBITDA1was $882.3 million, compared to $775.4 million in the same      
period last year.                                                               
                                                                                
1Adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP net income per diluted share 
are non-GAAP financial measures. Please see the discussion below under the      
heading “Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information” and the reconciliations at the  
end of this release for additional information concerning these and other non-  
GAAP financial measures.                                                        
                                                                                
Business Highlights                                                             
                                                                                
Annual revenue retention rate improved to 91% in 2025, compared to 90% in 2024. 
                                                                                
Client count on a parent company grouping basis increased to approximately      
20,300 as of December 31, 2025, representing 5% growth year-over-year.          
                                                                                
Total client count on a taxpayer identification number or client code basis grew
to approximately 39,200 as of December 31, 2025, up 4% from the prior year.     
                                                                                
Employee records stored in our system increased to 7.4 million in 2025, up 5%   
year-over-year.                                                                 
                                                                                
In 2025, Paycom launched its award-winning, command-driven AI solution, IWant™, 
making its software even easier to use for all user types.                      
                                                                                
Financial Outlook                                                               
                                                                                
Paycom provides the following expected financial guidance for the year ending   
December 31, 2026.                                                              
                                                                                
Total revenuein the range of $2.175 billion to $2.195 billion, representing     
year-over-year growth between 6% and 7%.                                        
                                                                                
Recurring and other revenue growthbetween 7% and 8% year over year.             
                                                                                
Interest on funds held for clientsof approximately $103 million.                
                                                                                
Adjusted EBITDAin the range of $950 million to $970 million, representing a     
margin of approximately 44% at the midpoint.                                    
                                                                                
We have not reconciled the forward-looking adjusted EBITDA ranges and adjusted  
EBITDA margin presented above and discussed on the teleconference call to net   
income, nor the forward-looking non-GAAP effective income tax rate discussed on 
the teleconference call, to comparable GAAP measures because applicable         
information for future periods, on which these reconciliations would be based,  
is not readily available due to uncertainty regarding, and the potential        
variability of, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, taxes, non-cash
stock-based compensation expense and other items. Accordingly, reconciliations  
of the forward-looking adjusted EBITDA ranges to net income, the forward-looking
adjusted EBITDA margin to net income margin, and the forward-looking non-GAAP   
effective income tax rate to the GAAP effective income tax rate are not         
available at this time without unreasonable effort.                             
                                                                                
Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information                                           
                                                                                
To supplement our financial information presented in accordance with generally  
accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”), we present certain
non-GAAP financial measures in this press release and on the related            
teleconference call, including adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income, adjusted   
gross profit, adjusted gross margin, adjusted sales and marketing expenses,     
adjusted total administrative expenses, adjusted research and development       
expenses, adjusted total research and development costs, adjusted EBITDA margin,
non-GAAP effective income tax rate, free cash flow and free cash flow margin.   
Management uses these non-GAAP financial measures as supplemental measures to   
review and assess the performance of our core business operations and for       
planning purposes. We define (i) adjusted EBITDA as net income plus interest    
expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation
expense and certain transaction expenses that are not core to our operations (if
any), less any gain on modification of the naming rights agreement, (ii) non-   
GAAP net income as net income plus non-cash stock-based compensation expense and
certain transaction expenses that are not core to our operations (if any), less 
any gain on modification of the naming rights agreement, all of which are       
adjusted for the effect of income taxes, (iii) adjusted gross profit as gross   
profit plus applicable non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (iv) adjusted 
gross margin as gross profit plus applicable non-cash stock-based compensation  
expense, divided by total revenues, (v) each adjusted expense item as the GAAP  
expense amount less applicable non-cash stock-based compensation expense, (vi)  
adjusted total research and development costs as total research and development 
costs (including the capitalized portion) less applicable non-cash stock-based  
compensation (including the capitalized portion), (vii) adjusted EBITDA margin  
as adjusted EBITDA (calculated as described in clause (i)) divided by total     
revenues, (viii) non-GAAP effective income tax rate as the provision for income 
taxes plus the income tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments divided by non-GAAP net
income (calculated as described in clause (ii)) plus the provision for income   
taxes and the income tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments, (ix) free cash flow as 
net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of intangible assets   
and purchases of property and equipment (which we also refer to as “capital     
expenditures” or “cap ex”), and (x) free cash flow margin as free cash flow     
(calculated as described in clause (ix)) divided by total revenues. The non-GAAP
financial measures presented in this press release and discussed on the related 
teleconference call provide investors with greater transparency to the          
information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making.
We believe these metrics are useful to investors because they facilitate        
comparisons of our core business operations across periods on a consistent      
basis, as well as comparisons with the results of peer companies, many of       
                                                                                
which use similar non-GAAP financial measures to supplement results under GAAP. 
In addition, adjusted EBITDA is a measure that provides useful information to   
management about the amount of cash available for reinvestment in our business, 
paying dividends, repurchasing common stock and other purposes. Management      
believes that the non-GAAP measures presented in this press release and         
discussed on the related teleconference call, when viewed in combination with   
our results prepared in accordance with GAAP, provide a more complete           
understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business and performance. 
                                                                                
The non-GAAP financial measures presented in this press release and discussed on
the related teleconference call are not measures of financial performance under 
GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for net income, gross profit,    
gross margin, research and development expenses, sales and marketing expenses,  
administrative expenses, total research and development costs and GAAP effective
income tax rate. Non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical     
tools, and when assessing our operating performance, you should not consider    
these non-GAAP financial measures in isolation, or as a substitute for the      
consolidated statements of income data prepared in accordance with GAAP. The    
non-GAAP financial measures that we present may not be comparable to similarly  
titled measures of other companies, and other companies may not calculate such  
measures in the same manner as we do.                                           
                                                                                
Conference Call Details                                                         
                                                                                
In conjunction with this announcement, Paycom will host a conference call today,
February 11, 2026, at 5:00 p.m. Eastern time to discuss its financial results.  
To access this call, dial (833) 470-1428 (domestic) or (646) 844-6383           
(international) and provide 829388 as the access code. A live webcast as well as
the replay of the conference call will be available on the Investor Relations   
page of Paycom’s website at investors.paycom.com.                               
                                                                                
About Paycom                                                                    
                                                                                
Paycom Software, Inc. (NYSE: PAYC) simplifies business and employees’ lives     
through automated, command-driven HR and payroll technology that revolutionizes 
data access. From hire to retire, Paycom’s employee-first technology leverages  
AI and full-solution automation to streamline processes and drive efficiencies  
in a truly single database, providing a seamless experience for Paycom’s clients
and their employees. With its industry-first AI engine, IWant™, Paycom provides 
instant and accurate access to employee data without having to navigate or learn
the software. For over 25 years, Paycom has been recognized for its innovative  
technology and workplace culture while serving businesses of all sizes in the   
U.S. and internationally.                                                       
                                                                                
Financial Presentation                                                          
                                                                                
Dollar amounts are presented in millions, except amounts per share. As a result,
some amounts may not sum or recalculate exactly due to rounding. All percentages
have been calculated using unrounded amounts.                                   
                                                                                
Forward-Looking Statements                                                      
                                                                                
Certain statements in this press release are, and certain statements on the     
related teleconference call may be, forward-looking statements within the       
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking
statements are any statements that refer to Paycom’s estimated or anticipated   
results, other non-historical facts or future events and include, but are not   
limited to, statements regarding our business strategy; anticipated future      
operating results and operating expenses, cash flows, capital resources,        
dividends and liquidity; competition; trends, opportunities and risks affecting 
our business, industry and financial results, including macroeconomic factors;  
future expansion or growth plans and potential for future growth, including     
internationally; our ability to attract new clients to purchase our solution;   
our ability to retain clients and induce them to purchase additional            
applications; our ability to accurately forecast future revenues and            
appropriately plan our expenses; market acceptance of our solution and          
applications; our expectations regarding future revenues generated by certain   
applications; the return on investment for users of our solution, as well as how
certain applications may impact client employee usage and client satisfaction;  
our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and key personnel; future 
regulatory, judicial and legislative changes; how the performance of certain of 
our offerings is sensitive to changes in the labor market; our plan to open     
additional sales offices and our ability to effectively execute such plan; the  
sufficiency of our existing cash and cash equivalents to meet our working       
capital and capital expenditure needs over the next 12 months; our plans        
regarding our capital expenditures and investment activity as our business      
grows, including with respect to research and development and the expansion of  
our facilities; our plans to pay cash dividends; our plans to repurchase shares 
of our common stock through a stock repurchase plan using cash and/or borrowings
under our senior secured revolving credit facility; and our expected income tax 
rate for future periods. In addition, forward-looking statements also consist of
statements involving trend analyses and statements including such words as      
“anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,”        
“might,” “plan,”                                                                
                                                                                
“potential,” “should,” “will,” “would,” and similar expressions or the negative 
of such terms or other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements 
are based only on information currently available to us, speak only as of the   
date hereof and are subject to business and economic risks. As such, our actual 
results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking     
statements as a result of the factors discussed in our filings with the         
Securities and Exchange Commission, including but not limited to those discussed
in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any          
obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements to reflect events 
that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which such statements  
were made, except to the extent required by law.                                
Paycom Software, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions, except
per share amounts)
                                                                                
                               December 31, 2025          December 31, 2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Assets                                                                        
  Current assets:                                                               
  Cash and cash             $              370.0       $              402.0     
  equivalents                                                                   
  Accounts receivable                       44.9                       39.2     
  Prepaid expenses                          47.5                       44.4     
  Inventory                                  1.7                        1.4     
  Income tax receivable                     78.2                       11.9     
  Deferred contract                        159.5                      140.4     
  costs                                                                         
  Current assets before                                                         
  funds held for                           701.8                      639.3     
  clients                                                                       
  Funds held for clients                 5,137.0                    3,665.5     
  Total current assets                   5,838.8                    4,304.8     
  Property and                             687.3                      561.4     
  equipment, net                                                                
  Intangible assets, net                    37.4                       46.2     
  Goodwill                                  51.9                       51.9     
  Long-term deferred                       857.4                      783.6     
  contract costs                                                                
  Operating lease                           89.4                       80.6     
  right-of-use assets                                                           
  Other assets                              36.5                       31.4     
  Total assets              $            7,598.7       $            5,859.9     
  Liabilities and                                                               
  Stockholders’ Equity                                                          
  Current liabilities:                                                          
  Accounts payable          $                6.6       $               23.9     
  Accrued commissions                       28.2                       33.0     
  and bonuses                                                                   
  Accrued payroll and                       60.1                       59.0     
  vacation                                                                      
  Deferred revenue                          28.3                       30.0     
  Operating lease                           28.4                       20.4     
  liabilities                                                                   
  Accrued expenses and                                                          
  other current                             79.8                       74.8     
  liabilities                                                                   
  Current liabilities                                                           
  before client funds                      231.4                      241.1     
  obligation                                                                    
  Client funds                           5,137.0                    3,665.7     
  obligation                                                                    
  Total current                          5,368.4                    3,906.8     
  liabilities                                                                   
  Deferred income tax                      304.4                      149.7     
  liabilities, net                                                              
  Long-term deferred                       121.9                      114.6     
  revenue                                                                       
  Long-term operating                       61.9                       63.0     
  lease liabilities                                                             
  Other long-term                           10.6                       49.9     
  liabilities                                                                   
  Total long-term                          498.8                      377.2     
  liabilities                                                                   
  Total liabilities                      5,867.2                    4,284.0     
  Commitments and                                                               
  contingencies                                                                 
  Stockholders’ equity:                                                         
  Common stock, $0.01                                                           
  par value (100.0                                                              
  shares authorized,                                                            
  63.6 and 63.0 shares                                                          
  issued at December 31,                                                        
  2025 and December                                                             
  31, 2024,                                  0.6                        0.6     
  respectively; 54.8 and                                                        
  55.9                                                                          
  shares outstanding at                                                         
  December 31, 2025                                                             
  and December 31, 2024,                                                        
  respectively)                                                                 
  Additional paid-in                       878.4                      724.8     
  capital                                                                       
  Retained earnings                      2,255.6                    1,887.5     
  Accumulated other                                                             
  comprehensive earnings                     0.3                       (0.6  )  
  (loss)                                                                        
  Treasury stock, at                                                            
  cost (8.8 and 7.1                                                             
  shares at December 31,                (1,403.4  )                (1,036.4  )  
  2025 and December                                                             
  31, 2024,                                                                     
  respectively)                                                                 
  Total stockholders’                    1,731.5                    1,575.9     
  equity                                                                        
  Total liabilities and                                                         
  stockholders’             $            7,598.7       $            5,859.9     
  equity                                                                        
                                                                                
Paycom Software, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
(in millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                
                    Three                                                       
                   Months                             Year                      
                    Ended                            Ended                      
                 December                         December                      
                      31,                              31,                      
                     2025           2024              2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Revenu…                                                                       
  Recurr…                                                                       
  and        $      517.1       $  464.8       $   1,938.7       $  1,758.3     
  other                                                                         
  Intere…                                                                       
  on                                                                            
  funds              27.2           29.0             113.0            124.9     
  held                                                                          
  for                                                                           
  clients                                                                       
  Total             544.3          493.8           2,051.7          1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Cost of                                                                       
  revenu…                                                                       
  Operat…            64.2           65.3             263.0            267.4     
  expens…                                                                       
  Deprec…                                                                       
  and                23.6           18.3              82.4             67.2     
  amorti…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  cost of            87.8           83.6             345.4            334.6     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Admini…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Sales                                                                         
  and               130.2          107.5             482.8            434.4     
  market…                                                                       
  Resear…                                                                       
  and                72.2           66.7             283.4            242.6     
  develo…                                                                       
  General                                                                       
  and                71.1           66.0             279.0            158.6     
  admini…                                                                       
  Deprec…                                                                       
  and                25.8           21.5              93.9             78.7     
  amorti…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  admini…           299.3          261.7           1,139.1            914.3     
  expens…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  operat…           387.1          345.3           1,484.5          1,248.9     
  expens…                                                                       
  Operat…           157.2          148.5             567.2            634.3     
  income                                                                        
  Intere…            (0.8  )        (1.0  )           (3.4  )          (3.4  )  
  expense                                                                       
  Other                                                                         
  income,             2.8            4.0              55.6             18.1     
  net                                                                           
  Income                                                                        
  before            159.2          151.5             619.4            649.0     
  income                                                                        
  taxes                                                                         
  Provis…                                                                       
  for                45.4           37.9             166.0            147.0     
  income                                                                        
  taxes                                                                         
  Net        $      113.8       $  113.6       $     453.4       $    502.0     
  income                                                                        
  Earnin…                                                                       
  per        $       2.07       $   2.03       $      8.13       $     8.93     
  share,                                                                        
  basic                                                                         
  Earnin…                                                                       
  per        $       2.07       $   2.02       $      8.08       $     8.92     
  share,                                                                        
  diluted                                                                       
  Weight…                                                                       
  average                                                                       
  shares                                                                        
  outsta…                                                                       
  Basic              54.9           55.9              55.8             56.2     
  Diluted            55.1           56.2              56.1             56.3     
  Compre…                                                                       
  earnin…                                                                       
  Net        $      113.8       $  113.6       $     453.4       $    502.0     
  income                                                                        
  Unreal…                                                                       
  net                                                                           
  gains                                                                         
  (losse…               —           (0.3  )            1.0              1.0     
  on                                                                            
  availa…                                                                       
  securi…                                                                       
  Tax                (0.1  )        (0.2  )           (0.1  )          (0.6  )  
  effect                                                                        
  Other                                                                         
  compre…                                                                       
  income             (0.1  )        (0.5  )            0.9              0.4     
  (loss),                                                                       
  net                                                                           
  of tax                                                                        
  Compre…    $      113.7       $  113.1       $     454.3       $    502.4     
  earnin…                                                                       
                                                                                
Paycom Software, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in
millions)
                                                                                
                                   Year Ended December 31,                      
                                                      2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash flows from operating                                                     
  activities                                                                    
  Net income                    $                    453.4       $    502.0     
  Adjustments to reconcile                                                      
  net income to                                                                 
  net cash provided by                                                          
  operating                                                                     
  activities:                                                                   
  Depreciation and                                   176.3            145.9     
  amortization                                                                  
  Stock-based compensation                           118.7            (22.9  )  
  expense                                                                       
  Amortization of debt                                 1.4              1.1     
  issuance costs                                                                
  Gain on disposition of                                                        
  property and                                        (0.1  )             —     
  equipment                                                                     
  Accretion of discount on                                                      
  available-for-sale                                 (13.0  )          (0.1  )  
  securities                                                                    
  Non-cash marketing expense                           1.0              1.6     
  Deferred income taxes, net                         154.4              5.8     
  Gain on modification of                                                       
  naming rights                                      (35.6  )             —     
  agreement                                                                     
  Other                                                0.8             (0.5  )  
  Changes in operating                                                          
  assets and                                                                    
  liabilities:                                                                  
  Accounts receivable                                 (5.7  )         (22.8  )  
  Prepaid expenses                                     1.7             (6.7  )  
  Inventory                                           (0.3  )             —     
  Other assets                                        (6.5  )          (2.7  )  
  Deferred contract costs                            (89.5  )        (120.0  )  
  Income taxes, net                                  (66.3  )           6.5     
  Accounts payable                                   (16.2  )           9.1     
  Accrued commissions and                             (4.8  )           2.5     
  bonuses                                                                       
  Accrued payroll and                                  1.1              2.9     
  vacation                                                                      
  Deferred revenue                                     5.6             14.1     
  Accrued expenses and other                           4.5             17.4     
  liabilities                                                                   
  Net change in operating                                                       
  right-of-use                                        (2.0  )           0.7     
  assets and operating lease                                                    
  liabilities                                                                   
  Net cash provided by                                                          
  operating                                          678.9            533.9     
  activities                                                                    
  Cash flows from investing                                                     
  activities                                                                    
  Purchases of investments                                                      
  from funds held                                   (835.9  )         (24.9  )  
  for clients                                                                   
  Proceeds from investments                                                     
  from funds                                         500.0            200.0     
  held for clients                                                              
  Purchases of intangible                             (4.5  )          (4.4  )  
  assets                                                                        
  Purchases of property and                         (270.9  )        (192.9  )  
  equipment                                                                     
  Proceeds from sale of                                                         
  property and                                         0.1                —     
  equipment                                                                     
  Net cash used in investing                        (611.2  )         (22.2  )  
  activities                                                                    
  Cash flows from financing                                                     
  activities                                                                    
  Repurchases of common                             (325.5  )        (122.8  )  
  stock                                                                         
  Withholding taxes paid                                                        
  related to net                                     (44.5  )         (21.7  )  
  share settlements                                                             
  Dividends paid                                     (84.8  )         (84.8  )  
  Proceeds from employee                                                        
  stock purchase                                       5.5                —     
  plan                                                                          
  Net change in client funds                       1,471.3          1,337.6     
  obligation                                                                    
  Net cash provided by                                                          
  financing                                        1,022.0          1,108.3     
  activities                                                                    
  Increase in cash, cash                                                        
  equivalents,                                                                  
  restricted cash and                              1,089.7          1,620.0     
  restricted cash                                                               
  equivalents                                                                   
  Cash, cash equivalents,                                                       
  restricted cash                                                               
  and restricted cash                                                           
  equivalents                                                                   
  Cash, cash equivalents,                                                       
  restricted cash                                                               
  and restricted cash                              4,042.8          2,422.8     
  equivalents,                                                                  
  beginning of period                                                           
  Cash, cash equivalents,                                                       
  restricted cash                                                               
  and restricted cash           $                  5,132.5       $  4,042.8     
  equivalents, end of                                                           
  period                                                                        
                                                                                
Paycom Software, Inc. Unaudited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, continued
(in millions)
                                                                                
                                         Year Ended December 31,                
                                                            2025          2024  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Reconciliation of cash, cash                                                  
  equivalents, restricted cash and                                              
  restricted cash equivalents                                                   
  Cash and cash equivalents           $                    370.0    $    402.0  
  Restricted cash included in                                                   
  funds held                                             4,762.5       3,640.8  
  for clients                                                                   
  Total cash, cash equivalents,                                                 
  restricted                                                                    
  cash and restricted cash            $                  5,132.5    $  4,042.8  
  equivalents,                                                                  
  end of period                                                                 
  Supplemental disclosures of cash                                              
  flow                                                                          
  information:                                                                  
  Cash paid for interest, net of                                                
  amounts                             $                      2.1    $      2.0  
  capitalized                                                                   
  Cash paid for income taxes, net                                               
  of                                  $                     78.1    $    134.8  
  income tax refunds                                                            
  Non-cash investing and financing                                              
  activities:                                                                   
  Purchases of property and                                                     
  equipment,                          $                      1.2    $      3.9  
  accrued but not paid                                                          
  Stock-based compensation for                                                  
  capitalized                         $                     25.2    $     17.5  
  software                                                                      
  Right-of-use assets obtained in                                               
  exchange                            $                     24.3    $     25.1  
  for operating lease liabilities                                               
                                                                                
Paycom Software, Inc. Unaudited Reconciliations of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial
Measures (in millions, except per share amounts)
                                                                                
                     Three                                                      
                    Months                              Year                    
                     Ended                             Ended                    
                  December                          December                    
                       31,                               31,                    
                      2025           2024               2025           2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net                                                                           
  income                                                                        
  to                                                                            
  adjusted                                                                      
  EBITDA:                                                                       
  Net         $      113.8       $  113.6       $      453.4       $  502.0     
  income                                                                        
  Interest             0.8            1.0                3.4            3.4     
  expense                                                                       
  Provisi…                                                                      
  for                 45.4           37.9              166.0          147.0     
  income                                                                        
  taxes                                                                         
  Depreci…                                                                      
  and                 49.4           39.8              176.3          145.9     
  amortiz…                                                                      
  EBITDA             209.4          192.3              799.2          798.3     
  Non-cash                                                                      
  stock-b…            27.0           22.6              118.7          (22.9  )  
  compens…                                                                      
  expense                                                                       
  Gain on                                                                       
  modific…                                                                      
  of                     —              —              (35.6  )           —     
  naming                                                                        
  rights                                                                        
  agreeme…                                                                      
  Adjusted    $      236.3       $  214.9       $      882.3       $  775.4     
  EBITDA                                                                        
  Net                                                                           
  income              20.9  %        23.0  %            22.1  %        26.7  %  
  margin                                                                        
  Adjusted                                                                      
  EBITDA              43.4  %        43.5  %            43.0  %        41.2  %  
  margin                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                     Three                                                      
                    Months                              Year                    
                     Ended                             Ended                    
                  December                          December                    
                       31,                               31,                    
                      2025           2024               2025           2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Net                                                                           
  income                                                                        
  to                                                                            
  non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income:                                                                       
  Net         $      113.8       $  113.6       $      453.4       $  502.0     
  income                                                                        
  Non-cash                                                                      
  stock-b…            27.0           22.6              118.7          (22.9  )  
  compens…                                                                      
  expense                                                                       
  Gain on                                                                       
  modific…                                                                      
  of                     —              —              (35.6  )           —     
  naming                                                                        
  rights                                                                        
  agreeme…                                                                      
  Income                                                                        
  tax                                                                           
  effect              (6.1  )        (6.1  )           (17.9  )       (17.1  )  
  on                                                                            
  non-GAAP                                                                      
  adjustm…                                                                      
  Non-GAAP                                                                      
  net         $      134.7       $  130.1       $      518.6       $  462.0     
  income                                                                        
  Weighted                                                                      
  average                                                                       
  shares                                                                        
  outstan…                                                                      
  Basic               54.9           55.9               55.8           56.2     
  Diluted             55.1           56.2               56.1           56.3     
  Earnings                                                                      
  per         $       2.07       $   2.03       $       8.13       $   8.93     
  share,                                                                        
  basic                                                                         
  Earnings                                                                      
  per         $       2.07       $   2.02       $       8.08       $   8.92     
  share,                                                                        
  diluted                                                                       
  Non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income      $       2.46       $   2.33       $       9.30       $   8.22     
  per                                                                           
  share,                                                                        
  basic                                                                         
  Non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income      $       2.45       $   2.32       $       9.24       $   8.21     
  per                                                                           
  share,                                                                        
  diluted                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                     Three                                                      
                    Months                              Year                    
                     Ended                             Ended                    
                  December                          December                    
                       31,                               31,                    
                      2025           2024               2025           2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Earnings                                                                      
  per                                                                           
  share to                                                                      
  non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share,                                                                        
  basic:                                                                        
                                                                                
  Earnings                                                                      
  per         $       2.07       $   2.03       $       8.13       $   8.93     
  share,                                                                        
  basic                                                                         
  Non-cash                                                                      
  stock-b…            0.49           0.41               2.13          (0.41  )  
  compens…                                                                      
  expense                                                                       
  Gain on                                                                       
  modific…                                                                      
  of                     —              —              (0.64  )           —     
  naming                                                                        
  rights                                                                        
  agreeme…                                                                      
  Income                                                                        
  tax                                                                           
  effect             (0.11  )       (0.11  )           (0.32  )       (0.30  )  
  on                                                                            
  non-GAAP                                                                      
  adjustm…                                                                      
  Non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income      $       2.46       $   2.33       $       9.30       $   8.22     
  per                                                                           
  share,                                                                        
  basic                                                                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
                     Three                                                      
                    Months                              Year                    
                     Ended                             Ended                    
                  December                          December                    
                       31,                               31,                    
                      2025           2024               2025           2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Earnings                                                                      
  per                                                                           
  share to                                                                      
  non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share,                                                                        
  diluted:                                                                      
                                                                                
  Earnings                                                                      
  per         $       2.07       $   2.02       $       8.08       $   8.92     
  share,                                                                        
  diluted                                                                       
  Non-cash                                                                      
  stock-b…            0.49           0.40               2.12          (0.41  )  
  compens…                                                                      
  expense                                                                       
  Gain on                                                                       
  modific…                                                                      
  of                     —              —              (0.64  )           —     
  naming                                                                        
  rights                                                                        
  agreeme…                                                                      
  Income                                                                        
  tax                                                                           
  effect             (0.11  )       (0.10  )           (0.32  )       (0.30  )  
  on                                                                            
  non-GAAP                                                                      
  adjustm…                                                                      
  Non-GAAP                                                                      
  net                                                                           
  income      $       2.45       $   2.32       $       9.24       $   8.21     
  per                                                                           
  share,                                                                        
  diluted                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    Three                                                       
                   Months                             Year                      
                    Ended                            Ended                      
                 December                         December                      
                      31,                              31,                      
                     2025           2024              2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Adjust…                                                                       
  gross                                                                         
  profit:                                                                       
  Total      $      544.3       $  493.8       $   2,051.7       $  1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Less:                                                                         
  Total             (87.8  )       (83.6  )         (345.4  )        (334.6  )  
  cost of                                                                       
  revenu…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  gross             456.5          410.2           1,706.3          1,548.6     
  profit                                                                        
  Plus:                                                                         
  Non-ca…                                                                       
  stock-…             2.9            2.4              15.7             13.5     
  compen…                                                                       
  expense                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  adjust…    $      459.4       $  412.6       $   1,722.0       $  1,562.1     
  gross                                                                         
  profit                                                                        
  Gross              83.9  %        83.1  %           83.2  %          82.2  %  
  margin                                                                        
  Adjust…                                                                       
  gross              84.4  %        83.6  %           83.9  %          83.0  %  
  margin                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    Three                                                       
                   Months                             Year                      
                    Ended                            Ended                      
                 December                         December                      
                      31,                              31,                      
                     2025           2024              2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Adjust…                                                                       
  sales                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  market…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Sales                                                                         
  and        $      130.2       $  107.5       $     482.8       $    434.4     
  market…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Less:                                                                         
  Non-ca…                                                                       
  stock-…            (9.7  )        (5.4  )          (28.8  )         (19.0  )  
  compen…                                                                       
  expense                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  sales                                                                         
  and        $      120.5       $  102.1       $     454.0       $    415.4     
  market…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Total      $      544.3       $  493.8       $   2,051.7       $  1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Sales                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  market…                                                                       
  expens…            23.9  %        21.8  %           23.5  %          23.1  %  
  as a %                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  revenu…                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  sales                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  market…            22.1  %        20.7  %           22.1  %          22.1  %  
  expens…                                                                       
  as                                                                            
  a % of                                                                        
  revenu…                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    Three                                                       
                   Months                             Year                      
                    Ended                            Ended                      
                 December                         December                      
                      31,                              31,                      
                     2025           2024              2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Adjust…                                                                       
  total                                                                         
  admini…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  admini…    $      299.3       $  261.7       $   1,139.1       $    914.3     
  expens…                                                                       
  Less:                                                                         
  Non-ca…                                                                       
  stock-…           (24.1  )       (20.2  )         (103.1  )          36.4     
  compen…                                                                       
  expense                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  total      $      275.3       $  241.5       $   1,036.0       $    950.7     
  admini…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Total      $      544.3       $  493.8       $   2,051.7       $  1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  admini…                                                                       
  expens…            55.0  %        53.0  %           55.5  %          48.6  %  
  as a %                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  revenu…                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  total                                                                         
  admini…                                                                       
  expens…            50.6  %        48.9  %           50.5  %          50.5  %  
  as a %                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  revenu…                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    Three                                                       
                   Months                             Year                      
                    Ended                            Ended                      
                 December                         December                      
                      31,                              31,                      
                     2025           2024              2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Adjust…                                                                       
  resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Resear…                                                                       
  and        $       72.2       $   66.7       $     283.4       $    242.6     
  develo…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Less:                                                                         
  Non-ca…                                                                       
  stock-…            (5.3  )        (5.6  )          (34.7  )         (26.3  )  
  compen…                                                                       
  expense                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  resear…                                                                       
  and        $       66.9       $   61.1       $     248.7       $    216.3     
  develo…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Total      $      544.3       $  493.8       $   2,051.7       $  1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…                                                                       
  expens…            13.3  %        13.5  %           13.8  %          12.9  %  
  as a %                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  revenu…                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…            12.3  %        12.4  %           12.1  %          11.5  %  
  expens…                                                                       
  as a %                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  revenu…                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                    Three                                                       
                   Months                             Year                      
                    Ended                            Ended                      
                 December                         December                      
                      31,                              31,                      
                     2025           2024              2025             2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Total                                                                         
  resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…                                                                       
  costs:                                                                        
  Capita…                                                                       
  resear…                                                                       
  and        $       38.8       $   31.3       $     152.9       $    125.7     
  develo…                                                                       
  costs                                                                         
  Resear…                                                                       
  and                72.2           66.7             283.4            242.6     
  develo…                                                                       
  expens…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  resear…                                                                       
  and        $      111.0       $   98.0       $     436.3       $    368.3     
  develo…                                                                       
  costs                                                                         
  Total      $      544.3       $  493.8       $   2,051.7       $  1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Total                                                                         
  resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…            20.4  %        19.8  %           21.3  %          19.6  %  
  costs                                                                         
  as                                                                            
  a % of                                                                        
  revenu…                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  total                                                                         
  resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…                                                                       
  costs:                                                                        
  Total                                                                         
  resear…                                                                       
  and        $      111.0       $   98.0       $     436.3       $    368.3     
  develo…                                                                       
  costs                                                                         
  Less:                                                                         
  Capita…                                                                       
  non-ca…            (4.9  )        (3.7  )          (25.2  )         (17.5  )  
  stock-…                                                                       
  compen…                                                                       
  Less:                                                                         
  Non-ca…                                                                       
  stock-…            (5.3  )        (5.6  )          (34.7  )         (26.3  )  
  compen…                                                                       
  expense                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  total                                                                         
  resear…    $      100.8       $   88.7       $     376.4       $    324.5     
  and                                                                           
  develo…                                                                       
  costs                                                                         
  Total      $      544.3       $  493.8       $   2,051.7       $  1,883.2     
  revenu…                                                                       
  Adjust…                                                                       
  total                                                                         
  resear…                                                                       
  and                                                                           
  develo…            18.5  %        18.0  %           18.3  %          17.2  %  
  costs                                                                         
  as a %                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  revenu…                                                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                    Year Ended December 31,                     
                                                       2025            2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Free cash flow and free                                                       
  cash flow                                                                     
  margin:                                                                       
  Net cash provided by                                                          
  operating                      $                    678.9       $   533.9     
  activities                                                                    
  Purchases of property and                          (270.9  )       (192.9  )  
  equipment                                                                     
  Purchases of intangible                              (4.5  )         (4.4  )  
  assets                                                                        
  Free cash flow                 $                    403.5       $   336.6     
  Operating cash flow margin                           33.1  %         28.4  %  
  Free cash flow margin                                19.7  %         17.9  %  
                                                                                
Paycom Software, Inc. Unaudited Components of Non-Cash Stock-Based Compensation
Expense (in millions)
                                                                                
                     Three Months                                               
                            Ended                    Year Ended                 
                     December 31,                  December 31,                 
                             2025       2024               2025        2024     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Non-cash                                                                      
  stock-based                                                                   
  compensati…                                                                   
  expense:                                                                      
  Operating      $            2.9    $   2.4    $          15.7    $   13.5     
  expenses                                                                      
  Sales and                   9.7        5.4               28.8        19.0     
  marketing                                                                     
  Research                                                                      
  and                         5.3        5.6               34.7        26.3     
  development                                                                   
  General and                 9.1        9.2               39.5       (81.7  )  
  administra…                                                                   
  Total                                                                         
  non-cash                                                                      
  stock-based    $           27.0    $  22.6    $         118.7    $  (22.9  )  
  compensati…                                                                   
  expense                                                                       
                                                                                
Contact Paycom Software, Inc. Investor Relations Contact: James Samford,
800-580-4505 investors@paycom.com Source: Paycom Software, Inc.

---

### Attachment: R1.htm - IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT - Type: HTML

Document and Entity Information                          Feb. 11, 2026  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cover [Abstract]                                                        
  Amendment Flag                                                   false  
  Entity Central Index Key                                    0001590955  
  Document Type                                                      8-K  
  Document Period End Date                                Feb. 11,  2026  
  Entity Registrant Name                           Paycom Software, Inc.  
  Entity Incorporation State Country Code                             DE  
  Entity File Number                                           001-36393  
  Entity Tax Identification Number                            80-0957485  
  Entity Address, Address Line One                 7501 W. Memorial Road  
  Entity Address, City or Town                             Oklahoma City  
  Entity Address, State or Province                                   OK  
  Entity Address, Postal Zip Code                                  73142  
  City Area Code                                                    -405  
  Local Phone Number                                            722-6900  
  Written Communications                                           false  
  Soliciting Material                                              false  
  Pre Commencement Tender Offer                                    false  
  Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer                             false  
  Security 12b Title                       Common Stock, $0.01 par value  
  Trading Symbol                                                    PAYC  
  Security Exchange Name                                            NYSE  
  Entity Emerging Growth Company                                   false