### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### Washington, D.C. 20549

#### Form 8-K

### CURRENT REPORT

#### Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

#### of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
<div align='center'>Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 15, 2025</div>

#### Lyft, Inc.
<div align='center'>(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)</div>

| Delaware                     |     | 001-38846   |     | 20-8809830         |
| (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation)            |     | -Commission 
 File Number |     | -IRS Employer      
 Identification No. |

#### 185 Berry Street, Suite 400

#### San Francisco, California 94107
<div align='center'>(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(844) 250-2773

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)</div>

#### Not Applicable
<div align='center'>(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                                   |     | Trading 
 Symbol  |     | Name of each exchange       
 on which registered         |
| Class A Common Stock, par value of $0.00001 per share |     | LYFT    |     | Nasdaq Global Select Market |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

#### Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
On April 16, 2025, Lyft, Inc. (the “Company” or “Lyft”), announced that it had entered into a definitive agreement (the “Definitive Agreement”) with Intelligent Apps GmbH (d/b/a FREENOW) pursuant to which Lyft will acquire FREENOW (“the Transaction”), for cash consideration of €175 million, subject to closing adjustments. FREENOW is a leading European multi-mobility application with a taxi offering at its core that will be Lyft’s first expansion outside of North America, beyond bikes and scooters. The Transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2025, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions including the requisite regulatory approvals.

A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

On April 16, 2025, Lyft posted supplemental materials regarding the Transaction on its investor.lyft.com website. The supplemental materials are attached as Exhibit 99.2 to this current report on Form 8-K and are incorporated by reference herein.

#### Disclosure Information
The information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 and 99.2 attached hereto, are being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liability of such section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, unless expressly incorporated by specific reference in such filing.

### Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits:

| Exhibit 
 No.     
 99.1    
 99.2    |     | Exhibit Description                                         
 Press Release, datedApril16, 2025                           
 Supplemental Materials, datedApril16, 2025                  |
|:--------|:----|:------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104     |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) |

### SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| Date: |     | April 16, 2025 |     | LYFT, INC.              
 /s/ Erin Brewer         |
|:------|:----|:---------------|:----|:------------------------|
|       |     |                |     | Erin Brewer             |
|       |     |                |     | Chief Financial Officer |
