### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### Washington, D.C. 20549

#### Form 8-K

### CURRENT REPORT

#### Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

#### of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
<div align='center'>Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 5, 2025</div>

#### Lyft, Inc.
<div align='center'>(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)</div>

| Delaware                     |     | 001-38846   |     | 20-8809830         |
| (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation)            |     | -Commission 
 File Number |     | -IRS Employer      
 Identification No. |

#### 185 Berry Street, Suite 400

#### San Francisco, California 94107
<div align='center'>(Address of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(844) 250-2773

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)</div>

#### Not Applicable
<div align='center'>(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                                   |     | Trading 
 Symbol  |     | Name of each exchange       
 on which registered         |
| Class A Common Stock, par value of $0.00001 per share |     | LYFT    |     | Nasdaq Global Select Market |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2). Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition

On November 5, 2025, Lyft, Inc. (the “Company” or “Lyft”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this current report on Form 8-K and is incorporated by reference herein.

#### Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure
On November 5, 2025, Lyft posted supplemental investor materials, including prepared remarks and a slide presentation, on its investor.lyft.com website. Lyft announces material information to the public about Lyft, its products and services and other matters through a variety of means, including filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts, the investor relations section of its website (investor.lyft.com), its X accounts (@lyft and @davidrisher), its Chief Executive Officer’s LinkedIn account (linkedin.com/in/jdavidrisher/), and its blogs (including: lyft.com/blog, lyft.com/hub, and eng.lyft.com) in order to achieve broad, non-exclusionary distribution of information to the public and for complying with its disclosure obligations under Regulation FD.

The information in Items 2.02 and 7.01 of this current report on Form 8-K and the Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.

#### Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits
(d) Exhibits:

| Exhibit 
 No.     
 99.1    |     | Exhibit Description                                         
 Press Release, dated November 5, 2025                       |
|:--------|:----|:------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104     |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL) |

### SIGNATURE
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| Date: |     | November 5, 2025 |     | LYFT, INC.              
 /s/ Erin Brewer         |
|:------|:----|:-----------------|:----|:------------------------|
|       |     |                  |     | Erin Brewer             |
|       |     |                  |     | Chief Financial Officer |
