SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-16 OR 15D-16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of July 2025 (Report No. 1) Commission File Number: 0-27466 NICE LTD.

| (Translation of Registrant’s Name into English) |

13 Zarchin Street, P.O. Box 690, Ra’anana, Israel

| (Address of Principal Executive Offices) |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F ☒ Form 40-F ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ____ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ____ CONTENTS This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein: 99.1 TalkTalk Joins Forces With NiCE To Deploy CXone Mpower In Mission To Revolutionize Customer Experience, dated July 1, 2025 99.2 Staysure Selects NiCE to Deliver Seamless Insurance Experiences for the Modern Traveler with CXone Mpower, dated July 2, 2025 99.3 NiCE Unveils 2025 International CX Excellence Award Winners Spotlighting the Game-Changers in AI-Driven Customer Service Automation, dated July 3, 2025 99.4 NiCE Actimize 2025 Fraud Insights Report Shows Scams Still the Method of Choice in Attempted Fraud Transactions, dated July 7, 2025 99.5 New York County Defender Services Selects NiCE Defense for Digital Transformation, dated July 9, 2025 99.6 NiCE Actimize X-Sight AML Solutions Selected by Aberdeen Group to Enhance Its Financial Crime Operations, dated July 14, 2025 99.7 NiCE’s Evidencentral Surpasses Milestone of Supporting Over 37 Million Active Criminal Cases and 240 Million Evidence Items, dated July 15 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

### EXHIBIT INDEX
This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein:

99.1 TalkTalk Joins Forces With NiCE To Deploy CXone Mpower In Mission To Revolutionize Customer Experience, dated July 1, 2025

99.2 Staysure Selects NiCE to Deliver Seamless Insurance Experiences for the Modern Traveler with CXone Mpower, dated July 2, 2025

99.3 NiCE Unveils 2025 International CX Excellence Award Winners Spotlighting the Game-Changers in AI-Driven Customer Service Automation, dated July 3, 2025

99.4 NiCE Actimize 2025 Fraud Insights Report Shows Scams Still the Method of Choice in Attempted Fraud Transactions, dated July 7, 2025

99.5 New York County Defender Services Selects NiCE Defense for Digital Transformation, dated July 9, 2025

99.6 NiCE Actimize X-Sight AML Solutions Selected by Aberdeen Group to Enhance Its Financial Crime Operations, dated July 14, 2025

99.7 NiCE’s Evidencentral Surpasses Milestone of Supporting Over 37 Million Active Criminal Cases and 240 Million Evidence Items, dated July 15

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-1.htm - EXHIBIT 99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1                                                                  
                                                                                
      TalkTalk Joins Forces With NiCE To Deploy CXone Mpower In Mission To      
                                                                                
                       Revolutionize Customer Experience                        
                                                                                
 The UK connectivity provider is embracing cutting-edge technology to transform 
                              business with NiCE’s                              
                                                                                
                              AI-powered platform                               
                                                                                
  Hoboken, N.J., July 1, 2025 –                                                 
                                                                                
NiCE (Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that TalkTalk, one of the UK’s largest
connectivity
        providers, has taken another step forward in its mission to become the
UK’s most recommended Wi-Fi provider by harnessing NiCE’s AI-powered customer
service automation platform, CXone Mpower.

As part of transformation plans aimed at radically simplifying its business and
revolutionizing customer experience, the collaboration
        will enable TalkTalk to combine multiple existing operating systems into
one powerful, unified AI platform, CXone Mpower.

The platform will empower front-line agents by streamlining end-to-end customer
service processes and – through built-in AI technology
        – equip them with intelligent automated writing tools and the most
relevant answers in real-time. The technology will reduce the need for manual
interventions and enable agents to stay focused on customers during
conversations.

With CXone Mpower, TalkTalk hopes to provide faster response times, more
accurate resolutions, and a truly seamless experience for
        customers. It forms part of a broader strategy to adopt innovative and
flexible technologies to simplify TalkTalk’s operating platform and provide a
more customer-friendly offering.

Neil Smith, Chief Operating Officer, TalkTalk, said: “We are transforming our
approach to customer service to meet the expectations of today’s digitally
connected customers. Partnering with NiCE will give us a powerful and practical
customer service platform powered by AI,
        enabling us to provide faster resolutions and a better customer
experience.”

Darren Rushworth, President, NiCE International, said: “We are extremely
thrilled to be working with TalkTalk at such a pivotal point in their customer
service transformation. By unifying operations with CXone Mpower, TalkTalk is
eliminating inefficiencies and setting a
        new benchmark for AI-driven customer service in the UK telecom industry.
Their commitment to innovation ensures they remain at the forefront of
delivering seamless, scalable, and automated customer experiences. This will be
a game-changer for
        TalkTalk, its customers and employees.”

Neil Smith and Bhavesh Panchal, Head of Channels and Digital Adoption at
TalkTalk, will be delivering a keynote presentation on the
        business’ digital-first transformation and more at NiCE’s Interactions
International 2025 event, taking place in London on 2 nd July. Register here.
                                                                                
  About TalkTalk                                                                
                                                                                
TalkTalk is the UK’s largest value for money connectivity provider with
broadband, TV and phone customers. Since entering the market in
        the early 2000s, we’ve had a proud history as an innovative challenger
believing that connectivity should be simple, affordable, reliable, and fair.
TalkTalk is the consumer business of the TalkTalk Group, headquartered in its
Soapworks HQ in
        Salford, Greater Manchester.
                                                                                
  About NiCE                                                                    
                                                                                
NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE) is transforming the world with AI
        that puts people first. Our purpose-built AI-powered platforms automate
engagements into proactive, safe, intelligent actions, empowering individuals
and organizations to innovate and act, from interaction to resolution. Trusted
by organizations
        throughout 150+ countries worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted
across industries connecting people, systems, and workflows to work smarter at
scale, elevating performance across the organization, delivering proven
measurable outcomes.
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com, CET

Trademark Note: NiCE and the NiCE
        logo are trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their
respective owners. For a full list of NICE's marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Rushworth, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
“Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,”
“project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in general
economic and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the
Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-
as-a-Service business; rapid changes in technology and market requirements; the
implementation of AI capabilities in certain products and services, decline in
demand for the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or effectively integrating acquired operations;
loss of market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and
distribution arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud
computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber
security attacks or other security incidents; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, including those arising from political
instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and the global
economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-2.htm - EXHIBIT 99.2 - Type: EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2                                                                  
                                                                                
    Staysure Selects NiCE to Deliver Seamless Insurance Experiences for the     
                                                                                
                       Modern Traveler with CXone Mpower                        
                                                                                
 Staysure is enhancing customer journeys with NiCE’s AI platform to meet rising 
                           digital-first expectations                           
                                                                                
 and set new standards for service excellence in travel insurance across Europe 
                                                                                
  Hoboken, N.J., July 2, 2025 –                                                 
                                                                                
NiCE (Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that Staysure, the UK’s leading travel
insurance
        provider, is accelerating its mission to become Europe’s largest travel
insurer by transforming its customer service operations with NiCE’s AI-driven
platform, CXone Mpower. This deployment reinforces Staysure’s commitment to
delivering seamless,
        personalized, and trustworthy digital travel insurance experiences.
CXone Mpower was chosen through a competitive tender process for its ability to
fast-track digital transformation and deliver a modern, AI-powered customer
experience.

CXone Mpower enables Staysure to seamlessly integrate digital channels,
including WhatsApp, SMS, and chat, alongside voice, delivering a truly fluid
omnichannel experience that bridges online and
        offline interactions while elevating digital engagement. CXone Mpower’s
Copilot and Expert capabilities will also provide real-time, AI-driven support
to Staysure’s exceptional human service team, centralizing the organization’s
knowledge base
        through CXone Mpower Expert and delivering intelligent guidance at every
interaction with CXone Mpower Copilot. This unified, platform approach will help
Staysure’s agents navigate the complexities of travel insurance, from diverse
policies and
        healthcare nuances to individual customer needs. As a result, Staysure
can accelerate agent training, reduce onboarding time, and consistently deliver
higher-quality service through the power of AI and automation.

Commenting on the announcement Alistair Hadfield, COO, Staysure . “In today’s
digital-first world, NiCE’s CXone Mpower platform provides the flexibility and
        scalability essential for fuelling our growth, while cultivating a
culture of continuous improvement. Its advanced AI ensures we’re not just
meeting today’s digital demands but are also prepared for the evolving needs of
the travelers of tomorrow
        by providing true end-to-end automation.”

“CXone Mpower positions Staysure to scale efficiently and seize emerging
opportunities within the European travel insurance market,” said Darren
Rushworth, President, NiCE International. “By adopting NiCE’s AI platform for
its customer service operations, Staysure is not only meeting the evolving
demands of travelers today but can set new standards for service excellence in
the future,
        leveraging cutting-edge capabilities. We also extend our gratitude to
our partners at SVL, whose collaboration and expertise supported Staysure in
progressing through the ambitious process.”

To further enhance service quality, Staysure is also leveraging NiCE’s AI-
powered automation for Quality Management and sentiment analysis. By
automatically reviewing 100% of customer interactions,
        Staysure gains critical insights into customer sentiment, call drivers,
and service performance. This data-driven approach streamlines both compliance
and complaints.
                                                                                
  About NiCE                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
  NiCE                                                                          
                                                                                
(NASDAQ: NICE) is transforming the world with AI that puts people first. Our
purpose-built AI-powered platforms automate engagements into proactive, safe,
intelligent
        actions, empowering individuals and organizations to innovate and act,
from interaction to resolution. Trusted by organizations throughout 150+
countries worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted across industries
connecting people, systems,
        and workflows to work smarter at scale, elevating performance across the
organization, delivering proven measurable outcomes.
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com , ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com , ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com , CET
Trademark Note: NiCE and the NiCE logo are trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other
marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of NICE's
marks, please see:
        www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by
        Mr. Rushworth, are based on the current beliefs, expectations and
assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the “Company”). In some cases, such
forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as “believe,”
“expect,” “seek,” “may,”
        “will,” “intend,” “should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,”
or similar words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the
Company to differ
        materially from those described herein, including but not limited to the
impact of changes in general economic and business conditions; competition;
successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the
Company’s cloud
        Software-as-a-Service business; rapid changes in technology and market
requirements; the implementation of AI capabilities in certain products and
services, decline in demand for the Company's products; inability to timely
develop and introduce new
        technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making
additional acquisitions or difficulties or  effectively integrating acquired
operations; loss of market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and
distribution arrangements;
        the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform
providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or
other security incidents; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange rates
and interest rates, the
        effects of additional tax liabilities resulting from our global
operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political conditions, 
including those arising from political instability or armed conflict that may
disrupt our business and the
        global economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel;
the effect of newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the
Company and our products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed
in our filings with
        the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s
        Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in
this press release are made as of the date of this press release, and the
Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them, except as required by
law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-3.htm - EXHIBIT 99.3 - Type: EX-99.3

Exhibit 99.3                                                                  
                                                                                
   NiCE Unveils 2025 International CX Excellence Award Winners, Spotlighting    
                                                                                
           the Game-Changers in AI-Driven Customer Service Automation           
                                                                                
 This year’s winners highlight the transformative impact of CXone Mpower, from  
                                measurable cost                                 
                                                                                
  efficiencies to speedier resolution, and enhancing the experience across the  
                        entire customer service journey                         
                                                                                
  Hoboken, N.J., July, 3, 2025 –                                                
                                                                                
NiCE (Nasdaq: NICE) today announced the winners of its 2025
        International CX Excellence Awards, honoring organizations from across
EMEA and APAC that are redefining customer service with NiCE’s advanced AI and
automation platform,
                                                                                
  CXone Mpower                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
  .                                                                             
                                                                                
The eight honorees were celebrated at NiCE’s
        Interactions International 2025 event in London, the industry’s premier
CX event. This year’s winners exemplify how cutting-edge AI and automation can
unlock standout operational and business results, bringing to life NiCE’s
vision: a NiCE world
        where connected, seamless, and happier experiences are the rule, not the
exception.

The CX Excellence Award winners demonstrated game-changing results in one of the
seven below categories:
                                                                                
  AI Trailblazer                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  of the Year                                                                   
                                                                                
– Showcasing organizations at the forefront of
        innovation, leveraging NiCE’s purpose-built AI capabilities to redefine
customer experience and set new standards for the future of CX. The winner is
                                                                                
  Lloyd’s Banking Group.                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Excellent Customer Service Automation                                         
                                                                                
– Showcasing organizations automating the entire service journey, from intent to
resolution, by harnessing CXone Mpower’s complete CX AI-powered platform. The
          winner is
                                                                                
  Halfords.                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Excellent CX Platform Use                                                     
                                                                                
– Recognizing organizations that have successfully harnessed the full
capabilities of the CXone Mpower AI-powered platform, seamlessly orchestrating
workflows, agents,
        and knowledge with unparalleled scale and precision. The winner is
                                                                                
  Carnival UK.                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Excellent Interaction Orchestration                                           
                                                                                
–
        Recognizing mastery in orchestrating seamless interactions across all
channels - voice and digital, synchronous and asynchronous, inbound and
outbound, AI and human. The winner is
                                                                                
  IAG.                                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Excellent Workforce Management and Augmentation                               
                                                                                
– Honoring organizations harnessing CXone Mpower to elevate every

          role across the enterprise with AI-powered real-time guidance and
decision support, driving performance at every level. The winner is
                                                                                
  Newcastle Strategic Solutions.                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
  President’s and Judges’ Choice                                                
                                                                                
– Celebrating organizations recognized for their bold vision, pioneering
innovation and outstanding outcomes, selected by NiCE leadership and an expert
judging panel of judges
          for setting new standards in customer experience. The winners are
                                                                                
  Openreach                                                                     
                                                                                
and
                                                                                
  2degrees.                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Overall CX Excellence                                                         
                                                                                
– Highlighting organizations that have demonstrated exceptional creativity,
execution and success in leveraging NiCE solutions to deliver real, measurable
impact. The winner
        is
                                                                                
  TalkTalk.                                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
  Darren Rushworth, President, NiCE International                               
                                                                                
, said, “In an environment where EMEA and APAC organizations must demonstrate
tangible value from every AI initiative, this year’s CX Excellence
          Award winners are leading by example. By embracing CXone Mpower’s AI-
driven platform, these organizations have streamlined operations, boosted
customer satisfaction, and reimagined what is possible in customer service.
We’re proud to celebrate
          their game-changing achievements and their commitment to exceptional
experiences.”
                                                                                
  About NiCE                                                                    
                                                                                
NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE) is transforming the world with AI that puts people first.
Our purpose-built AI-powered platforms automate engagements into proactive,
safe, intelligent actions, empowering individuals and
          organizations to innovate and act, from interaction to resolution.
Trusted by organizations throughout 150+ countries worldwide, NiCE’s platforms
are widely adopted across industries connecting people, systems, and workflows
to work smarter at
          scale, elevating performance across the organization, delivering
proven measurable outcomes.
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com, CET

Trademark Note: NiCE and the NiCE logo are trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other
marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of NICE's
marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Rushworth, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
“Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,”
“project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in general
economic and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the
Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-
as-a-Service business; rapid changes in technology and market requirements; the
implementation of AI capabilities in certain products and services, decline in
demand for the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or effectively integrating acquired operations;
loss of market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and
distribution arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud
computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber
security attacks or other security incidents; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, including those arising from political
instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and the global
economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-4.htm - EXHIBIT 99.4 - Type: EX-99.4

Exhibit 99.4                                                                  
                                                                                
         NiCE Actimize 2025 Fraud Insights Report Shows Scams Still the         
                                                                                
                Method of Choice in Attempted Fraud Transactions                
                                                                                
Fraudsters are strategically targeting different payment types, underscoring the
                                    need for                                    
                                                                                
                  channel-specific fraud prevention strategies                  
                                                                                
  Hoboken, N.J., July 7, 2025                                                   
                                                                                
—
                                                                                
  NiCE Actimize, a NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE) business                                 
                                                                                
, has released the "2025 NiCE Actimize Fraud Insights Report, U.S. Retail
Payments Edition," which explores the latest findings on the evolution of fraud
attacks across various transaction types, including check fraud,
          domestic and international wires, and Zelle payments. Utilizing NiCE
Actimize’s collective intelligence and Federated Learning, the Fraud Insights
report was
          developed by analyzing billions of banking and payments transactions.

According to the report, from 2023 to 2024, fraudsters’ focus shifted back
slightly towards Account Takeover (ATO) Fraud from Scams, in
        terms of the overall value of attempts. Scams are still the method of
choice across 57% of attempted fraud transactions; however, ATO fraud is showing
no sign of disappearing.  From a volume perspective, there was a slight shift
towards Scams to
        52% in 2024 vs. 50/50 split in 2023.

In the U.S., the top fraud challenges vary significantly depending on whether
the focus is on value (dollar amount of the transactions)
        or volume (number of transactions), the report says. The most notable
development since last year’s report, concerns international wires. In 2024, the
total value of international wire transactions declined 6% year over year, but
the value of
        attempted fraud for international wires surged 40%. Additionally, Zelle
transactions saw a 26% increase in value, accompanied by a 34% rise in attempted
fraud.

The report’s data also revealed that 67% of all fraud is linked to just 7% of
payments made to newly added payees—highlighting how
        fraudsters are exploiting when a new recipient is introduced into the
payment flow.

“Industry collaboration is more crucial than ever. Sharing
          knowledge, expertise, and data helps us establish effective controls
to safeguard financial institutions and their customers,”
                                                                                
  said Craig Costigan, CEO of NiCE Actimize                                     
                                                                                
. “With our decades of experience, we’ve developed solutions that go beyond
payments and by leveraging advanced AI, we’ve improved
          model building and operational efficiency for comprehensive protection
at every stage. The fraud management community has a strong history of
innovation, a value that we at NiCE Actimize have embedded at the very core of
our organization.”

The report also highlights that international wire fraud attempts are becoming
more targeted and sophisticated, often involving social
        engineering tactics and mule accounts across borders. Financial
institutions are seeing a rise in fraud rings exploiting weak onboarding
controls in cross-border payment systems, making international wires a growing
area of concern despite their
        relatively low transaction volume.

The report’s statistics also show that fraudsters are strategically targeting
different payment types based on their
        characteristics—high-value fraud through checks and wires, and high-
frequency, lower-value fraud through faster digital channels like Zelle. This
underscores the need for channel-specific fraud prevention strategies.
                                                                                
  Addressing the Surge In Fraud                                                 
                                                                                
With the increase in both the volume and complexity of scams, as the research
reports, NiCE Actimize offers a comprehensive suite of
        solutions to help financial institutions stay ahead of these emerging
threats. One such innovation is IFM Advanced Scam Prevention, which leverages
machine
        learning and collective intelligence gathered from NiCE Actimize’s
extensive global client network.

This solution is specifically designed to detect and prevent scams—currently the
most prevalent fraud typology—by analyzing behavioral
        patterns, identifying suspicious counterparties, and sharing
intelligence across institutions. By combining real-time analytics with a deep
understanding of scam tactics, IFM Advanced Scam Prevention empowers
organizations to proactively block
        fraudulent transactions before they occur."
To download a copy of NiCE Actimize’s 2025 Fraud Insights
          report, please
                                                                                
  click here                                                                    
                                                                                
.
                                                                                
  About NiCE Actimize                                                           
                                                                                
As a global leader in artificial intelligence, platform services, and cloud
solutions, NiCE Actimize excels in preventing fraud,
        detecting financial crime, and supporting regulatory compliance. Over
1,000 organizations across more than 70 countries trust NiCE Actimize to protect
their institutions and safeguard assets throughout the entire customer
lifecycle. With NiCE
        Actimize, customers gain deeper insights and mitigate risks. Learn more
at www.niceactimize.com.
                                                                                
  About NiCE                                                                    
                                                                                
                                                                                
  NiCE                                                                          
                                                                                
(NASDAQ: NICE) is
        transforming the world with AI that puts people first. Our purpose-built
AI-powered platforms automate engagements into proactive, safe, intelligent
actions, empowering individuals and organizations to innovate and act, from
interaction to
        resolution. Trusted by organizations throughout 150+ countries
worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted across industries connecting
people, systems, and workflows to work smarter at scale, elevating performance
across the organization,
        delivering proven measurable outcomes.
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Cindy Morgan-Olson, +1 646 408 5896, media@nice.com, ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com, CET

Trademark Note: NiCE and the NiCE
        logo are trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their
respective owners. For a full list of NICE's marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Costigan, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
“Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,”
“project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in general
economic and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the
Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-
as-a-Service business; rapid changes in technology and market requirements; the
implementation of AI capabilities in certain products and services, decline in
demand for the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or effectively integrating acquired operations;
loss of market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and
distribution arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud
computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber
security attacks or other security incidents; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, including those arising from political
instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and the global
economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-5.htm - EXHIBIT 99.5 - Type: EX-99.5

Exhibit 99.5                                                                  
                                                                                
New York County Defender Services Selects NiCE Defense for Digital
Transformation Elite NYC public defender will leverage NiCE Defense to automate
digital evidence discovery and ensure excellence in client advocacy Hoboken,
N.J., July 9, 2025 –NiCE (Nasdaq: NICE)today announced that the New York County
Defender Services (NYCDS) has selected NiCE Defense digital evidence management,
one of the AI-powered solutions in NiCE’s Evidencentral platform, for digital
transformation. NYCDS will leverage NiCE Defense to automate its management of
growing digital evidence while ensuring excellence in client advocacy. An elite
public defense firm serving New York City's most vulnerable communities, NYCDS
has been representing New Yorkers accused of crimes in Manhattan criminal and
Supreme Courts for more than 20 years. The cloud-based NiCE Defense solution
will digitally transform how New York County Defender Services’ attorneys and
staff manage discovery, receive and share digital evidence, and create their
work product. Freed from dealing with discs, drives, emails, and logging into
multiple systems to manage and prepare evidence, attorneys and staff can focus
on mounting an effective legal defense. NiCE Defense also features built-in AI
and automation capabilities for automated case building, video and audio
transcription and translation, optical character recognition (OCR), analytics
and finding evidence connections. Stan Germán, Executive Director, New York
County Defender Servicessaid, “At NYCDS, our mission is to advocate for our
clients’ rights in every case. Our success in defending our clients heavily
relies on digital evidence. With recent legal changes, our paralegals are now
processing and reviewing more digital evidence than ever before. With NiCE
Defense, we will be able to perform this work more quickly and cost-effectively.
Automating the digital evidence discovery process will also enable us to
redirect our highly trained paralegals to assist with other essential legal
tasks that support client defense. Furthermore, excellence is one of the three
pillars of NYCDS’s vision, and NiCE Defense will help us uphold this standard of
excellence in client advocacy.” Chris Wooten, Executive Vice President,
NiCE,said, “Digital evidence is crucial for understanding the facts of a case
and ensuring that clients receive the best possible defense. However, managing
the rapidly increasing volume of digital evidence using existing manual
workflows strains resources, increases costs and ultimately can impact the
defense of a client. With NiCE Defense, public defenders, such as those at New
York County Defender Services, can spend less time on digital evidence
management and focus more on supporting clients and mounting a strong legal
defense in every case.” With nearly 150 attorneys, social workers,
investigators, paralegals, and support staff committed to advocating fiercely
for low-income New Yorkers accused of crimes in Manhattan’s criminal and supreme
courts, New York County Defender Services handles approximately 8,500 cases each
year. After the New York State legislature passed discovery reforms in 2020,
NYCDS transitioned from receiving very little digital evidence to being
overwhelmed by it. This change, combined with the increase in video evidence
from body-worn cameras, police in-car cameras, and CCTV systems, placed an
additional burden on NYCDS’s discovery review team who are responsible for
evidence intake. Evidence arrived to the intake team via email links and needed
to be manually downloaded, organized, reviewed, and reuploaded to servers—a
process that often took several days. In contrast, NiCE Defense will facilitate
a seamless digital exchange of evidence with the District Attorney’s office.
Once fully implemented, discovery will flow directly into electronic case
folders, making it immediately accessible to NYCDS public defenders. NiCE
Defense’s chronological assembly of videos on timelines for synchronized replay
will also help to expedite evidence review. “Previously if there were six
different body-worn camera videos of the same incident, each fifteen minutes
long, our paralegals would have to review each one individually,” said Germán.
“Whereas before it would take 90 minutes to review these six videos separately,
with NiCE Defense it will take a fraction of the time. The ability to review
everything all at once is a gamechanger.” NiCE Defense also provides a variety
of tools to assist attorneys in developing and presenting strong cases.
Attorneys can prepare and manage trial exhibits for court, organize images and
photos, annotate and tag evidence, insert bookmarks and comments, create video
clips, and share evidence with clients and courts electronically while
preserving the chain of custody. Additionally, NiCE Defense features built-in
audio and video transcription, with the capability to translate the transcribed
text into hundreds of languages. Previously, an attorney would need to submit a
transcription request and wait for a paralegal to listen to the interrogation
and produce a transcript using third-party software. NiCE Defense will
significantly shorten the turnaround time associated with such requests. “As a
public defender, we have a limited budget and limited resources, and all of our
teams want more support,” said Germán. “By automating much of the manual work
that goes into managing digital evidence, NiCE Defense is going to allow us to
shift some of our valuable paralegal resources over to support other teams that
are essential to client defense.” To learn more about NiCE’s digital
transformation solutions for Public Safety and Justice:
                                               
  •  Visit the NiCE website by clicking here.  
                                               
                                                  
  •  Email PSInfo@NICE.com for more information.  
                                                  
About the New York County Defender Services New York County Defender Services
(NYCDS) is a prestigious public defense organization that has been serving New
York City's most vulnerable communities since 1997. NYCDS offers exceptional
legal representation to clients while advocating for systemic reforms in the
criminal justice system. The firm's skilled trial attorneys vigorously defend
individuals accused of crimes in Manhattan's criminal and supreme courts at no
cost to the defendants. NYCDS addresses the various factors that lead to
involvement in the criminal justice system, providing services that range from
juvenile defense to social work. NYCDS has specialized units that focus on
homicide and major crime defense, youth advocacy, civil defense, data and
research, forensic social work, investigations, immigration, DNA and forensics,
attorney specialists, corrections, re-entry programs, special litigation and
policy, as well as paralegal support, administration, IT, and finance. NYCDS
serves New York County, which is the twenty-second most populous county in the
United States, encompassing all of Manhattan, NY, where approximately 1.69
million people currently reside. More info at https://nycds.org/. NiCE Public
Safety & Justice With over 3,000 customers and 30 years of experience, NiCE
helps all types of public safety and criminal justice agencies, from emergency
communications and law enforcement to prosecutors and courts, digitally
transform how they manage digital evidence and data from beginning to end, to
get to the truth faster. NiCE’s Evidencentral platform features an ecosystem of
integrated technologies that bring data together to give a single view of the
truth, enabling public safety and justice agencies to do what they do better –
whether it’s responding to incidents, investigating and building cases, or
prosecuting crimes. With comprehensive digital transformation solutions that can
be deployed across entire counties and states, NiCE also helps everyone work
better together, so justice flows more smoothly, from incident to court.
https://www.nicepublicsafety.com About NiCE NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE) is transforming
the world with AI that puts people first. Our purpose-built AI-powered platforms
automate engagements into proactive, safe, intelligent actions, empowering
individuals and organizations to innovate and act, from interaction to
resolution. Trusted by organizations throughout 150+ countries worldwide, NiCE’s
platforms are widely adopted across industries connecting people, systems, and
workflows to work smarter at scale, elevating performance across the
organization, delivering proven measurable outcomes. Corporate Media Contact
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET Investors Marty
Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127,
ir@nice.com, CET Trademark Note:NiCE and the NiCE logo are trademarks of NICE
Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list
of NICE's marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking
Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term
is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
forward-looking statements, including the statements by Mr. Wooten, are based on
the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd.
(the “Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be
identified by terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,”
“intend,” “should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar
words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the Company
to differ materially from those described herein, including but not limited to
the impact of changes in general economic and business conditions; competition;
successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the
Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business; rapid changes in technology and
market requirements; the implementation of AI capabilities in certain products
and services, decline in demand for the Company's products; inability to timely
develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; difficulties
in making additional acquisitions or difficulties or effectively integrating
acquired operations; loss of market share; an inability to maintain certain
marketing and distribution arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party
cloud computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners;
cyber security attacks or other security incidents; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, including those arising from political
instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and the global
economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-6.htm - EXHIBIT 99.6 - Type: EX-99.6

Exhibit 99.6

NiCE Actimize X-Sight AML Solutions Selected by Aberdeen Group to Enhance Its
Financial Crime Operations NiCE Actimize’s embedded AI provides intelligence to
optimize detection and improve AML program efficiency Hoboken, N.J., July 14,
2025– NiCE Actimize, a NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE) business, today announced that
Aberdeen Group, a UK-based global investment management firm headquartered in
Edinburgh, has selected NiCE Actimize’s X-Sight Suspicious Activity Monitoring
(SAM) and Watch List Screening solutions as part of its financial crime
operations. These are part of NiCE Actimize’s advanced portfolio of anti-money
laundering (AML) solutions which address financial services institutions’ (FIs)
most pressing challenges. Harnessing the power of advanced analytics to detect
suspicious activity with pinpoint accuracy, NiCE Actimize’s SAM employs
sophisticated machine learning and graph-based analytics to uncover patterns of
illicit behaviors and suspicious transactions. NiCE Actimize's proven AI-powered
screening solution, WL-X, provides advanced matching techniques, predictive
analytics and seamless access to extensive global lists and data sources for
party and real-time transaction screening. WL-X provides the power to identify
high-risk customers and counterparties quickly and with precision. This approach
has enabled Aberdeen Group to better support client and customer outcomes
through deployment of next generation analytics and enhanced case management,
according to Aberdeen. Notes Craig Costigan, CEO, NiCE Actimize, “Our industry-
leading anti-money laundering portfolio provides a comprehensive view of
potential risks. Not only does its multi-tiered approach enhance the ability to
catch suspicious activity early, but it also ensures comprehensive protection
against evolving financial crime threats. We look forward to continuing to work
with Aberdeen to enhance the effectiveness of its financial crime prevention.”
For more information:
                                                                                
  •  NiCE Actimize Suspicious Activity Monitoring solution, please click here.  
                                                                                
                                                                                
  •  NiCE Actimize Watch List Screening solution, or to request a demo, please  
     click here.                                                                
                                                                                
Aberdeen Group Plc At Aberdeen, our ambition is to be the UK’s leading Wealth &
Investments group. We are focused on growing our direct and advised wealth
platforms and repositioning our specialist asset management business to meet
client demand. We are committed to providing excellent client service, supported
by leading technology and talent. As of 31 March 2025, we managed and
administered £500.1bn of our clients’ assets. About NiCE Actimize As a global
leader in artificial intelligence, platform services, and cloud solutions, NiCE
Actimize excels in preventing fraud, detecting financial crime, and supporting
regulatory compliance. Over 1,000 organizations across more than 70 countries
trust NiCE Actimize to protect their institutions and safeguard assets
throughout the entire customer lifecycle. With NiCE Actimize, customers gain
deeper insights and mitigate risks. Learn more at www.niceactimize.com. About
NiCE NiCE(NASDAQ: NICE) is transforming the world with AI that puts people
first. Our purpose-built AI-powered platforms automate engagements into
proactive, safe, intelligent actions, empowering individuals and organizations
to innovate and act, from interaction to resolution. Trusted by organizations
throughout 150+ countries worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted across
industries connecting people, systems, and workflows to work smarter at scale,
elevating performance across the organization, delivering proven measurable
outcomes. Corporate Media Contact Cindy Morgan-Olson, +1 646 408 5896,
media@nice.com, ET Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri
Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark Note:NiCE and the NiCE logo
are trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their respective
owners. For a full list of NICE's marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-
trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-
looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements, including the statements by
Mr. Costigan, are based on the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of
the management of NICE Ltd. (the “Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking
statements can be identified by terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,”
“may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,”
or similar words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the
Company to differ materially from those described herein, including but not
limited to the impact of changes in general economic and business conditions;
competition; successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy; success and
growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business; rapid changes in
technology and market requirements; the implementation of AI capabilities in
certain products and services, decline in demand for the Company's products;
inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and
applications; difficulties in making additional acquisitions or difficulties or
effectively integrating acquired operations; loss of market share; an inability
to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the Company’s
dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting facilities
and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security incidents;
privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, the
effects of additional tax liabilities resulting from our global operations, the
effect of unexpected events or geo-political conditions, including those arising
from political instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and
the global economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; the
effect of newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company
and our products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-7.htm - EXHIBIT 99.7 - Type: EX-99.7

Exhibit 99.7

NiCE’s Evidencentral Surpasses Milestone of Supporting Over 37 Million Active
Criminal Cases and 240 Million Evidence Items AI-powered criminal justice
digital transformation platform addresses challenges of managing rapidly growing
digital evidence Hoboken, N.J., July 15, 2025 –NiCE (Nasdaq: NICE)announced
today that its leading AI-powered criminal justice digital transformation
platform, Evidencentral, which is designed for managing digital evidence, has
achieved a significant milestone. It now supports over 37 million active
criminal cases and manages more than 240 million digital evidence items. This
highlights the platform's widespread use by public safety and criminal justice
agencies worldwide. The rapid adoption of technology in the criminal justice
system is leading to significant growth in the amount of digital evidence
available. It's estimated that ninety percent of criminal cases now depend on
some form of digital evidence, which comes from various sources, including body-
worn, interview room, CCTV, and doorbell cameras, cell phones, and emergency
dispatch systems. While digital evidence plays a crucial role in criminal
justice, managing it is becoming increasingly challenging. This challenge often
leads to case backlogs and delays in the justice process, with millions of cases
piling up and thousands dismissed each year due to evidence-related issues.
NiCE’s cloud-based Evidencentral platform helps everyone involved in the
criminal justice process – law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, public
defenders, courts and correctional institutions – work better together to
achieve timelier justice, by radically transforming the way digital evidence is
collected, analyzed, managed, stored and shared. Chris Wooten, Executive Vice
President, NiCE,commented, “With our best-in-class Evidencentral solution
currently being used by criminal justice agencies around the world to manage
close to a quarter-billion evidence items, NiCE is leading the way in criminal
justice digital transformation. Our platform leverages AI, analytics and
workflow automation to help everyone involved in the criminal justice process
get a complete view of the truth, while also working smarter and more
efficiently.” Evidencentral accomplishes this by: Automating evidence
intake:Evidencentral eliminates the time-consuming and resource-intensive tasks
of tracking down and manually downloading, copying and re-uploading digital
evidence. Automated evidence intake ensures everyone gets timely access to the
evidence they need, sooner, and all in one place. Providing a comprehensive view
of evidence across cases:With digital evidence indexed, searchable and stored in
the cloud, Evidencentral can intelligently connect evidence across old and new
cases and even make suggestions to bolster current investigations and reduce
cold case backlogs. Empowering investigators and attorneys with built-in
toolsthat save time, streamline trial preparation, and expedite the movement of
cases through the justice system. This includes the ability to annotate
evidence, create video and audio clips, and accurately transcribe and translate
audio and video. Contextualizing digital evidence on timelines and
maps:Attorneys and investigators are no longer limited by fragmented evidence
sources and can easily compile, view and replay videos from different camera
sources, assembled in chronological order, or view where evidence originated on
maps. This can also be replicated for juries in the courtroom. Automating
evidence sharing:Evidencentral offers a quick, secure, fully digital and
traceable method for sharing digital evidence. This streamlines discovery,
enhances collaboration, ensures evidence admissibility and promotes faster case
resolution. To learn more about NiCE’s digital transformation solutions for
Public Safety and Justice:
                                               
  •  Visit the NiCE website by clicking here.  
                                               
                                                  
  •  Email PSInfo@NICE.com for more information.  
                                                  
NiCE Public Safety & Justice With over 3,000 customers and 30 years of
experience, NiCE helps all types of public safety and criminal justice agencies,
from emergency communications and law enforcement to prosecutors and courts,
digitally transform how they manage digital evidence and data from beginning to
end, to get to the truth faster. NiCE’s Evidencentral platform features an
ecosystem of integrated technologies that bring data together to give a single
view of the truth, enabling public safety and justice agencies to do what they
do better – whether it’s responding to incidents, investigating and building
cases, or prosecuting crimes. With comprehensive digital transformation
solutions that can be deployed across entire counties and states, NiCE also
helps everyone work better together, so justice flows more smoothly, from
incident to court. https://www.nicepublicsafety.com About NiCE NiCE (NASDAQ:
NICE) is transforming the world with AI that puts people first. Our purpose-
built AI-powered platforms automate engagements into proactive, safe,
intelligent actions, empowering individuals and organizations to innovate and
act, from interaction to resolution. Trusted by organizations throughout 150+
countries worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted across industries
connecting people, systems, and workflows to work smarter at scale, elevating
performance across the organization, delivering proven measurable outcomes.
Corporate Media Contact Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442,
media@nice.com, ET Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri
Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com, CET Trademark Note:NiCE and the NiCE logo
are trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their respective
owners. For a full list of NICE's marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-
trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-
looking statements as that term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements, including the statements by
Mr. Wooten, are based on the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of
the management of NICE Ltd. (the “Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking
statements can be identified by terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,”
“may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,”
or similar words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the
Company to differ materially from those described herein, including but not
limited to the impact of changes in general economic and business conditions;
competition; successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy; success and
growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business; rapid changes in
technology and market requirements; the implementation of AI capabilities in
certain products and services, decline in demand for the Company's products;
inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies, products and
applications; difficulties in making additional acquisitions or difficulties or
effectively integrating acquired operations; loss of market share; an inability
to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the Company’s
dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting facilities
and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security incidents;
privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, the
effects of additional tax liabilities resulting from our global operations, the
effect of unexpected events or geo-political conditions, including those arising
from political instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and
the global economy; our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; the
effect of newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company
and our products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.