SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-16 OR 15D-16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of November 2025 (Report No. 2) Commission File Number: 0-27466 NICE LTD.

| (Translation of Registrant’s Name into English) |

13 Zarchin Street, P.O. Box 690, Ra’anana 4310602, Israel

| (Address of Principal Executive Offices) |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F ☒Form 40-F ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ____ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ____ THE GAAP FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ATTACHED TO THE PRESS RELEASE ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT 99.1 OF THIS REPORT ON FORM 6-K ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO NICE LTD.`S (“NICE”) REGISTRATION STATEMENTS ON FORM S-8 (REGISTRATION STATEMENT NOS. 333-166364, 333-168100, 333-171165, 333-162795, 333-162110, 333-06784, 333-08146, 333-11842, 333-09350, 333-11154, 333-111112, 333-111113, 333-134355, 333-144589, 333-145981, 333-153230, 333-177510, 333-179408, 333-181375, 333-191176, 333-199904, 333-210341, 333-210343, 333-210344, 333-214584, 333-226930, 333-228911, 333-249186, 333-270969, 333-290600, and 333-290601), AND TO BE A PART THEREOF FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THIS REPORT IS SUBMITTED, TO THE EXTENT NOT SUPERSEDED BY DOCUMENTS OR REPORTS SUBSEQUENTLY FILED OR FURNISHED. CONTENTS This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein: 99.1 Press Release: NiCE Reports 13% Year-Over-Year Cloud Revenue Growth for the Third Quarter 2025 and Raises Full-Year 2025 Revenue Guidance, Dated November 13, 2025. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

|        | NICE LTD.                                               |
| By:    | /s/ Alon Levy                                           |
| Name:  | Alon Levy                                               |
| Title: | Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary |
|        | Dated: November 13, 2025                                |

EXHIBIT INDEX

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-1.htm - EXHIBIT 99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1

NiCE Reports 13% Year-Over-Year Cloud Revenue Growth for the Third Quarter 2025
and Raises Full-Year 2025 Revenue Guidance
                                                                 
  •  AI ARR increased 49% year over year, 43% excluding Cognigy  
                                                                 
                                                                                
  •  Completes acquisition of Cognigy, a market leader in conversational and    
     agentic AI                                                                 
                                                                                
                                             
  •  Double-digit year-over-year EPS growth  
                                             
Hoboken, New Jersey, November 13, 2025 - NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE)today announced
results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2025, as compared to the
corresponding periods of the previous year. Third Quarter 2025 Financial
Highlights
                                                                                
  GAAP                                  Non-GAAP                                
  Total revenue was $732.0 million and  Total revenue was $732.0 million and    
  increased                             increased 6%                            
  6%                                                                            
  Cloud revenue was $562.9 million and  Cloud revenue was $562.9 million and    
  increased                             increased 13%                           
  13%                                                                           
  Operating income was $160.8 million   Operating income was $230.9 million     
  and                                   and increased 5%                        
  increased 14%                                                                 
  Operating margin was 22.0% compared   Operating margin was 31.5% compared to  
  to 20.5%                              32.0% last year                         
  last year                                                                     
  Diluted EPS was $2.29 and increased   Diluted EPS was $3.18 and increased     
  23%                                   10%                                     
  Net cash provided by operating                                                
  activities was                                                                
  $190.5 million and increased 20%                                              
                                                                                
“We’re pleased to report a strong third quarter, stemming from the continued
execution of our AI-first strategy and our outstanding go-to-market performance”
said Scott Russell, CEO of NiCE. “Total revenue was $732 million, at the high
end of our guidance, with cloud revenue increasing 13% year over year to $563
million. Our cloud revenue growth was fueled by the strong momentum of our CX AI
and Self-Service business, whose ARR growth accelerated to 49% year over year,
and 43% year over year excluding Cognigy. Our AI capabilities were included in
every new seven-figure CX deal, underscoring the expansion of our AI-powered,
enterprise-grade solutions. Mr. Russell continued, “Our AI momentum continues to
accelerate, with sustained organic performance amplified by the integration of
Cognigy. Together with CXone, we’re redefining what’s possible in customer
experience — bringing AI, contextual engagement data, and automation together in
a unified real-time platform that drives meaningful business outcomes. The
strength of our strategy, combined with the pace of our innovation and
execution, positions NiCE at the forefront of the industry’s AI transformation.”

GAAP Financial Highlights for the Third Quarter Ended September 30: Revenues:
Third quarter 2025 total revenues increased 6% year over year to $732.0 million
compared to $690.0 million for the third quarter of 2024. Gross Profit: Third
quarter 2025 gross profit was $489.1 million compared to $460.3 million for the
third quarter of 2024. Third quarter 2025 gross margin was 66.8% compared to
66.7% for the third quarter of 2024. Operating Income: Third quarter 2025
operating income increased 14% to $160.8 million compared to $141.4 million for
the third quarter of 2024. Third quarter 2025 operating margin was 22.0%
compared to 20.5% for the third quarter of 2024. Net Income: Third quarter 2025
net income increased 20% to $144.9 million compared to $120.9 million for the
third quarter of 2024. Third quarter 2025 net income margin was 19.8% compared
to 17.5% for the third quarter of 2024. Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share: Third
quarter 2025 fully diluted earnings per share increased 23% to $2.29 compared to
$1.86 in the third quarter of 2024. Cash Flow and Cash Balance: Third quarter
2025 operating cash flow was $190.5 million and $40.6 million was used for share
repurchases. All outstanding debt was fully settled in cash during the quarter,
resulting in net cash and investments of $455.9 million. Non-GAAP Financial
Highlights for the Third Quarter Ended September 30: Revenues: Third quarter
2025 non-GAAP total revenues increased 6% year over year to $732.0 million
compared to $690.0 million for the third quarter of 2024. Gross Profit: Third
quarter 2025 non-GAAP gross profit increased to $511.6 million compared to
$490.3 million for the third quarter of 2024. Third quarter 2025 non-GAAP gross
margin was 69.9% compared to 71.1% for the third quarter of 2024. Operating
Income: Third quarter 2025 non-GAAP operating income increased 5% to $230.9
million compared to $220.8 million for the third quarter of 2024. Third quarter
2025 non-GAAP operating margin was 31.5% compared to 32.0% for the third quarter
of 2024. Net Income: Third quarter 2025 non-GAAP net income increased 7% to
$200.8 million compared to $186.9 million for the third quarter of 2024. Third
quarter 2025 non-GAAP net income margin totaled 27.4% compared to 27.1% for the
third quarter of 2024. Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share: Third quarter 2025 non-
GAAP fully diluted earnings per share increased 10% to $3.18 compared to $2.88
for the third quarter of 2024. Full-Year 2025 Guidance*: The Company is raising
its full-year 2025 non-GAAP total revenues to be in an expected range of $2,932
million to $2,946 million, representing 7% year over year growth at the midpoint
compared to full-year 2024. The Company is updating full-year 2025 non-GAAP
fully diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $12.18 to $12.32,
representing 10% year over year growth at the midpoint compared to full-year
2024. *The updated guidance includes the expected results of Cognigy from the
date of acquisition through year end. Quarterly Results Conference Call NiCE
management will host its earnings conference call today, November 13, 2025, at
8:30 AM ET, 13:30 GMT, 15:30 Israel, to discuss the results and the company's
outlook. A live webcast and replay will be available on the Investor Relations
page of the Company’s website. To access, please register by clicking here:
https://www.nice.com/investor-relations/upcoming-event. Explanation of Non-GAAP
measures Non-GAAP financial measures are included in this press release. Non-
GAAP financial measures consist of GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude
share-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets,
acquisition related expenses, amortization of discount on debt and the tax
effect of the Non-GAAP adjustments. The Company believes that these Non-GAAP
financial measures, used in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures,
provide investors with useful supplemental information about the ongoing
financial performance of our business. Our management regularly uses our
supplemental Non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and
evaluate our business and to make financial, strategic and operating decisions.
These Non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in
planning for and forecasting future periods. Our Non-GAAP financial measures are
not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP
measures and should be read only in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. These Non-GAAP financial measures
may differ materially from the Non-GAAP financial measures used by other
companies. Reconciliation between results on a GAAP and Non-GAAP basis is
provided in a table immediately following the Consolidated Statements of Income.
The Company provides guidance only on a Non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation of
guidance from a GAAP to Non-GAAP basis is not available due to the
unpredictability and uncertainty associated with future events that would be
reported in GAAP results and would require adjustments between GAAP and Non-GAAP
financial measures, including the impact of future possible business
acquisitions. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the guidance based on Non-GAAP
financial measures to corresponding GAAP financial measures for future periods
is not available without unreasonable effort. About NiCE NiCE(NASDAQ: NICE) is
transforming the world with AI that puts people first. Our purpose-built AI-
powered platforms automate engagements into proactive, safe, intelligent
actions, empowering individuals and organizations to innovate and act, from
interaction to resolution. Trusted by organizations throughout 150+ countries
worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted across industries connecting
people, systems, and workflows to work smarter at scale, elevating performance
across the organization, delivering proven measurable outcomes. Investor
Relations Contact Ryan Gilligan, +1-551-417-2531, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens,
+972 3 763-0127, ir@nice.com, CET Corporate Media Contact Christopher Irwin-
Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET Trademark Note:NiCE and the NiCE logo
are trademarks or registered trademarks of NICE. All other marks are trademarks
of their respective owners. For a full list of NiCE trademarks, please see:
http://www.nice.com/nice-trademarks . Forward-Looking Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-
looking statements may be identified by words such as “believe”, “expect”,
“seek”, “may”, “will”, “intend”, “should”, “project”, “anticipate”, “plan”, and
similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management regarding the
future of the Company’s business, performance, future plans and strategies,
projections, anticipated events and trends, the economic environment, and other
future conditions. Examples of forward-looking statements include guidance
regarding the Company’s revenue and earnings and the growth of our cloud,
analytics and artificial intelligence business. Forward looking statements are
inherently subject to significant uncertainties, contingencies, and risks,
including, economic, competitive and other factors, which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond the control of management. The Company
cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance, and
investors should not place undue reliance on them. There are or will be
important known and unknown factors and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. These factors, include, but are not limited to, risks
associated with changes in economic and business conditions, competition,
successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy, success and growth of the
Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business, difficulties in making
additional acquisitions or effectively integrating acquired operations,
products, technologies and personnel, the Company’s dependency on third-party
cloud computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners,
rapid changes in technology and market requirements, the implementation of AI
capabilities in certain products and services; decline in demand for the
Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies,
products and applications, loss of market share, cyber security attacks or other
security incidents, privacy concerns and legislation impacting the Company’s
business, changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of
additional tax liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of
unexpected events or geo-political conditions, including those arising from
political instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and the
global economy, our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, the
effect of newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company
and our products, and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You are
encouraged to carefully review the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our latest
Annual Report on Form 20-F and our other filings with the SEC for additional
information regarding these and other factors and uncertainties that could
affect our future performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this
press release speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise, except as required by law. ###
                                         
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES             
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  U.S. dollars in thousands              
                                         
                                                                                
                                              September 30,       December 31,  
  ASSETS                                               2025               2024  
  CURRENT ASSETS:                                 Unaudited            Audited  
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents                $        418,052    $       481,712  
  Short-term investments                             37,840          1,139,996  
  Trade receivables                                 714,915            643,985  
  Prepaid expenses and other current                212,159            239,080  
  assets                                                                        
  Total current assets                            1,382,966          2,504,773  
  LONG-TERM ASSETS:                                                             
  Property and equipment, net                       188,373            185,292  
  Deferred tax assets                               222,486            219,232  
  Other intangible assets, net                      624,057            231,346  
  Operating lease right-of-use assets                76,611             93,083  
  Goodwill                                        2,438,371          1,849,668  
  Prepaid expenses and other long-term              218,658            212,512  
  assets                                                                        
  Total long-term assets                          3,768,556          2,791,133  
  TOTAL ASSETS                             $      5,151,522    $     5,295,906  
  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                          
  CURRENT LIABILITIES:                                                          
  Trade payables                           $         92,114    $       110,603  
  Deferred revenues and advances from               345,315            299,367  
  customers                                                                     
  Current maturities of operating                    12,783             12,554  
  leases                                                                        
  Debt                                                    -            458,791  
  Accrued expenses and other                        530,024            593,109  
  liabilities                                                                   
  Total current liabilities                         980,236          1,474,424  
  LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:                                                        
  Deferred revenues and advances from                61,996             66,289  
  customers                                                                     
  Operating leases                                   74,071             92,258  
  Deferred tax liabilities                          114,136              1,965  
  Other long-term liabilities                        60,337             57,807  
  Total long-term liabilities                       310,540            218,319  
  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                          
  Nice Ltd's equity                               3,860,746          3,589,742  
  Non-controlling interests                               -             13,421  
  Total shareholders' equity                      3,860,746          3,603,163  
  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS'      $      5,151,522    $     5,295,906  
  EQUITY                                                                        
                                                                                
                                               
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME            
  U.S. dollars in thousands (except per share  
  amounts)                                     
                                               
                                                                                
               Quarter                            Year to                       
                 ended                               date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               Septem…                            Septem…                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  Reven…                                                                        
  Cloud     $  562,942       $   500,114       $  1,630,…       $  1,450,2…     
  Servi…       138,706           149,857          419,389           446,381     
  Produ…        30,351            39,992          109,427           117,078     
  Total        731,999           689,963          2,158,…          2,013,6…     
  reven…                                                                        
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  Cloud        189,661           178,923          555,106           519,603     
  Servi…        47,218            44,652          141,715           137,401     
  Produ…         6,051             6,111           19,790            20,134     
  Total                                                                         
  cost         242,930           229,686          716,611           677,138     
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  Gross        489,069           460,277          1,442,…          1,336,5…     
  profit                                                                        
  Opera…                                                                        
  expen…                                                                        
  Resea…                                                                        
  and           90,463            91,500          269,327           265,854     
  devel…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Selli…                                                                        
  and          161,864           152,778          493,097           465,438     
  marke…                                                                        
  Gener…                                                                        
  and           75,968            74,620          210,333           213,600     
  admin…                                                                        
  Total                                                                         
  opera…       328,295           318,898          972,757           944,892     
  expen…                                                                        
  Opera…       160,774           141,379          469,535           391,642     
  income                                                                        
  Finan…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  other        (21,136  )        (12,280  )       (51,806  )        (41,934  )  
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Income                                                                        
  before       181,910           153,659          521,341           433,576     
  tax                                                                           
  Taxes                                                                         
  on            37,057            32,738           59,794            90,497     
  income                                                                        
  Net       $  144,853       $   120,921       $  461,547       $   343,079     
  income                                                                        
  Earni…                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share:                                                                        
  Basic     $     2.33       $      1.91       $     7.38       $      5.41     
  Dilut…    $     2.29       $      1.86       $     7.26       $      5.22     
  Weigh…                                                                        
  avera…                                                                        
  shares                                                                        
  outst…                                                                        
  Basic         62,036            63,397           62,512            63,403     
  Dilut…        63,161            64,838           63,574            65,741     
                                                                                
                                     
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES         
  CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS  
  U.S. dollars in thousands          
                                     
                                                                                
                    Quart…                          Year to                     
                     ended                             date                     
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                    Septe…                          Septem…                     
                       30,                              30,                     
                      2025            2024             2025            2024     
                    Unaud…          Unaud…          Unaudi…          Unaud…     
  Oper…                                                                         
  Acti…                                                                         
  Net            $  144,8…       $  120,9…       $  461,547       $  343,0…     
  inco…                                                                         
  Adju…                                                                         
  to                                                                            
  reco…                                                                         
  net                                                                           
  inco…                                                                         
  to                                                                            
  net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  prov…                                                                         
  by                                                                            
  oper…                                                                         
  acti…                                                                         
  Depr…                                                                         
  and               48,918          52,964          136,971          156,2…     
  amor…                                                                         
  Shar…             35,834          47,252          116,481          133,8…     
  comp…                                                                         
  Amor…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  prem…                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  disc…                                                                         
  and                5,838          (3,398  )         1,534          (6,726  )  
  accr…                                                                         
  inte…                                                                         
  on                                                                            
  mark…                                                                         
  secu…                                                                         
  Defe…                                                                         
  taxe…             15,997          (27,5…  )        (9,297  )       (38,9…  )  
  net                                                                           
  Chan…                                                                         
  in                                                                            
  oper…                                                                         
  asse…                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  liab…                                                                         
  Trade                                                                         
  Rece…             (26,6…  )       (41,4…  )       (52,685  )       (40,0…  )  
  net                                                                           
  Prep…                                                                         
  expe…                                                                         
  and               19,681          17,164           33,390          27,665     
  other                                                                         
  curr…                                                                         
  asse…                                                                         
  Oper…                                                                         
  lease              2,309           3,273           11,135           9,926     
  righ…                                                                         
  asse…                                                                         
  Trade             11,596          (2,293  )       (19,811  )        4,646     
  paya…                                                                         
  Accr…                                                                         
  expe…                                                                         
  and               (35,2…  )       22,149          (144,7…  )       (21,5…  )  
  other                                                                         
  curr…                                                                         
  liab…                                                                         
  Defe…             (30,8…  )       (28,0…  )        19,049          22,187     
  reve…                                                                         
  Real…                                                                         
  gain                                                                          
  on                (4,463  )            -           (4,463  )            -     
  mark…                                                                         
  secu…                                                                         
  net                                                                           
  Oper…                                                                         
  lease             (2,643  )       (2,748  )       (13,578  )       (10,5…  )  
  liab…                                                                         
  Amor…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  disc…                361             430            1,210           1,404     
  on                                                                            
  long…                                                                         
  debt                                                                          
  Other              4,941             345              166           1,872     
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  prov…             190,5…          158,9…          536,893          583,1…     
  by                                                                            
  oper…                                                                         
  acti…                                                                         
  Inve…                                                                         
  Acti…                                                                         
  Purc…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  prop…             (7,258  )       (10,4…  )       (15,504  )       (27,3…  )  
  and                                                                           
  equi…                                                                         
  Purc…                                                                         
  of                (14,9…  )       (138,…  )       (89,044  )       (575,…  )  
  Inve…                                                                         
  Proc…                                                                         
  from                                                                          
  sales             1,064…          60,125          1,198,…          628,2…     
  of                                                                            
  mark…                                                                         
  inve…                                                                         
  Capi…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  inte…             (19,6…  )       (16,8…  )       (54,566  )       (47,9…  )  
  use                                                                           
  soft…                                                                         
  costs                                                                         
  Paym…                                                                         
  for                                                                           
  busi…                                                                         
  acqu…             (826,…  )       (44,5…  )       (863,0…  )       (44,5…  )  
  net                                                                           
  of                                                                            
  cash                                                                          
  acqu…                                                                         
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  prov…                                                                         
  by                195,7…          (149,…  )       176,743          (66,9…  )  
  (used                                                                         
  in)                                                                           
  inve…                                                                         
  acti…                                                                         
  Fina…                                                                         
  Acti…                                                                         
  Proc…                                                                         
  from                                                                          
  issu…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  shar…                 15              28            1,023           2,340     
  upon                                                                          
  exer…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  opti…                                                                         
  Purc…                                                                         
  of                (40,5…  )       (86,4…  )       (323,7…  )       (274,…  )  
  trea…                                                                         
  shar…                                                                         
  Divi…                                                                         
  paid                                                                          
  to                     -               -                -          (2,681  )  
  nonc…                                                                         
  inte…                                                                         
  Repa…                                                                         
  of                (460,…  )            -          (460,0…  )       (87,4…  )  
  debt                                                                          
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  used              (500,…  )       (86,4…  )       (782,6…  )       (361,…  )  
  in                                                                            
  fina…                                                                         
  acti…                                                                         
  Effe…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  exch…                                                                         
  rates                                                                         
  on                (2,087  )        4,508            4,199           1,260     
  cash                                                                          
  and                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  equi…                                                                         
  Net                                                                           
  chan…                                                                         
  in                                                                            
  cash,                                                                         
  cash              (116,…  )       (72,7…  )       (64,861  )       155,5…     
  equi…                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  rest…                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  Cash,                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  equi…                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  rest…          $  536,5…       $  741,6…       $  485,032       $  513,3…     
  cash,                                                                         
  begi…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  peri…                                                                         
  Cash,                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  equi…                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  rest…          $  420,1…       $  668,9…       $  420,171       $  668,9…     
  cash,                                                                         
  end                                                                           
  of                                                                            
  peri…                                                                         
         Recon…                                                                 
         of                                                                     
         cash,                                                                  
         cash                                                                   
         equiv…                                                                 
         and                                                                    
         restr…                                                                 
         cash                                                                   
         repor…                                                                 
         in the                                                                 
         conso…                                                                 
         balan…                                                                 
         sheet:                                                                 
  Cash                                                                          
  and            $  418,0…       $  666,7…       $  418,052       $  666,7…     
  cash                                                                          
  equi…                                                                         
  Rest…                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  incl…                                                                         
  in             $   2,119       $   2,169       $    2,119       $   2,169     
  other                                                                         
  curr…                                                                         
  asse…                                                                         
  Total                                                                         
  cash,                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  equi…                                                                         
  and                                                                           
  rest…                                                                         
  cash           $  420,1…       $  668,9…       $  420,171       $  668,9…     
  shown                                                                         
  in                                                                            
  the                                                                           
  stat…                                                                         
  of                                                                            
  cash                                                                          
  flows                                                                         
                                                                                
                                               
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                   
  RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP RESULTS   
  U.S. dollars in thousands (except per share  
  amounts)                                     
                                               
                                                                                
                Quarter                           Year to                       
                  ended                              date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               Septemb…                           Septem…                       
                    30,                               30,                       
                   2025             2024             2025              2024     
  GAAP      $   731,999       $  689,963       $  2,158,…       $  2,013,6…     
  reven…                                                                        
  Non-G…    $   731,999       $  689,963       $  2,158,…       $  2,013,6…     
  reven…                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  cost      $   242,930       $  229,686       $  716,611       $   677,138     
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…                                                                        
  intan…                                                                        
  assets        (17,177  )       (24,278  )       (45,782  )        (73,778  )  
  on                                                                            
  cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  cloud                                                                         
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…                                                                        
  intan…                                                                        
  assets              -                -                -              (410  )  
  on                                                                            
  cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  produ…                                                                        
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  cloud          (2,910  )        (3,175  )        (9,381  )         (9,029  )  
  reven…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  servi…         (2,431  )        (2,511  )        (7,127  )         (7,506  )  
  reven…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  (1)                                                                           
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  produ…            (22  )           (30  )           (65  )            (90  )  
  reven…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  (1)                                                                           
  Non-G…                                                                        
  cost      $   220,390       $  199,692       $  654,256       $   586,325     
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  gross     $   489,069       $  460,277       $  1,442,…       $  1,336,5…     
  profit                                                                        
  Gross                                                                         
  profit         22,540           29,994           62,355            90,813     
  adjus…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  gross     $   511,609       $  490,271       $  1,504,…       $  1,427,3…     
  profit                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  opera…    $   328,295       $  318,898       $  972,757       $   944,892     
  expen…                                                                        
  Resea…                                                                        
  and            (4,762  )        (6,734  )       (12,633  )        (22,361  )  
  devel…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Sales                                                                         
  and           (13,457  )       (14,944  )       (42,129  )        (42,326  )  
  marke…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Gener…                                                                        
  and           (22,469  )       (22,154  )       (58,951  )        (59,414  )  
  admin…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…         (6,859  )        (5,613  )       (18,508  )        (15,824  )  
  intan…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  Valua…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  on                  -                1                -                24     
  acqui…                                                                        
  defer…                                                                        
  commi…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  opera…    $   280,748       $  269,454       $  840,536       $   804,991     
  expen…                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  finan…                                                                        
  and       $   (21,136  )    $  (12,280  )    $  (51,806  )    $   (41,934  )  
  other                                                                         
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  disco…           (361  )          (430  )        (1,210  )         (1,404  )  
  on                                                                            
  debt                                                                          
  Change                                                                        
  in                                                                            
  fair                                                                          
  value               -              (36  )             -              (115  )  
  of                                                                            
  conti…                                                                        
  consi…                                                                        
  Reali…                                                                        
  gain                                                                          
  on              4,463                -            4,463                 -     
  marke…                                                                        
  secur…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Non-G…                                                                        
  finan…                                                                        
  and       $   (17,034  )    $  (12,746  )    $  (48,553  )    $   (43,453  )  
  other                                                                         
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  GAAP                                                                          
  taxes     $    37,057       $   32,738       $   59,794       $    90,497     
  on                                                                            
  income                                                                        
  Tax                                                                           
  adjus…                                                                        
  re             10,043           13,886           76,763            42,665     
  non-G…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  taxes     $    47,100       $   46,624       $  136,557       $   133,162     
  on                                                                            
  income                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  net       $   144,853       $  120,921       $  461,547       $   343,079     
  income                                                                        
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…         24,036           29,891           64,290            90,012     
  intan…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  Valua…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  on                  -               (1  )             -               (24  )  
  acqui…                                                                        
  defer…                                                                        
  commi…                                                                        
  Share…                                                                        
  compe…         37,380           48,731          121,220           137,997     
  (1)                                                                           
  Acqui…                                                                        
  relat…          8,671              817            9,066             2,729     
  expen…                                                                        
  (2)                                                                           
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  disco…            361              430            1,210             1,404     
  on                                                                            
  debt                                                                          
  Reali…                                                                        
  gain                                                                          
  on             (4,463  )             -           (4,463  )              -     
  marke…                                                                        
  secur…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Change                                                                        
  in                                                                            
  fair                                                                          
  value               -               36                -               115     
  of                                                                            
  conti…                                                                        
  consi…                                                                        
  Tax                                                                           
  adjus…                                                                        
  re            (10,043  )       (13,886  )       (76,763  )        (42,665  )  
  non-G…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  net       $   200,795       $  186,939       $  576,107       $   532,647     
  income                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…    $      2.29       $     1.86       $     7.26       $      5.22     
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
  Non-G…                                                                        
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…    $      3.18       $     2.88       $     9.06       $      8.10     
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
  Shares                                                                        
  used                                                                          
  in                                                                            
  compu…                                                                        
  GAAP           63,161           64,838           63,574            65,741     
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
  Shares                                                                        
  used                                                                          
  in                                                                            
  compu…                                                                        
  non-G…         63,161           64,838           63,574            65,741     
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
                                                                                
                                              
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                  
  RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP RESULTS  
  (continued)                                 
  U.S. dollars in thousands                   
                                              
                                 
  (1)  Share-based compensation  
                                 
                                                                                
                         Quarter                                                
                           ended                    Year to date                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                       September                       September                
                             30,                             30,                
                            2025         2024               2025          2024  
  Cost of                                                                       
  cloud          $         2,910    $   3,175    $         9,381    $    8,967  
  revenue                                                                       
  Cost of                                                                       
  services                 2,431        2,511              7,127         7,506  
  revenue                                                                       
  Cost of                                                                       
  product                     22           30                 65            90  
  revenue                                                                       
  Research                                                                      
  and                      4,762        6,734             12,633        22,031  
  development                                                                   
  Sales and               13,447       14,937             42,119        41,676  
  marketing                                                                     
  General and             13,808       21,344             49,895        57,727  
  administra…                                                                   
                 $        37,380    $  48,731    $       121,220    $  137,997  
                                                                                
                                     
  (2)  Acquisition related expenses  
                                     
                                                                                
                      Quarter ended                   Year to date              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                      September 30,                  September 30,              
                               2025       2024                2025        2024  
  Cost of cloud    $              -    $     -    $              -    $     62  
  revenue                                                                       
  Research and                    -          -                   -         330  
  development                                                                   
  Sales and                      10          7                  10         650  
  marketing                                                                     
  General and                 8,661        810               9,056       1,687  
  administrati…                                                                 
                   $          8,671    $   817    $          9,066    $  2,729  
                                                                                
                                                                                
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                    
                              RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP     
                              EBITDA                                            
  U.S. dollars in thousands                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
               Quarter                            Year to                       
                 ended                               date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               Septem…                            Septem…                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  GAAP                                                                          
  net       $  144,853       $   120,921       $  461,547       $   343,079     
  income                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  Depre…                                                                        
  and           48,918            52,964          136,971           156,244     
  amort…                                                                        
  Share…        35,834            47,252          116,481           133,882     
  compe…                                                                        
  Finan…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  other        (21,136  )        (12,280  )       (51,806  )        (41,934  )  
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Acqui…                                                                        
  relat…         8,671               817            9,066             2,729     
  expen…                                                                        
  Valua…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  on                 -                (1  )             -               (24  )  
  acqui…                                                                        
  defer…                                                                        
  commi…                                                                        
  Taxes                                                                         
  on            37,057            32,738           59,794            90,497     
  income                                                                        
  Non-G…    $  254,197       $   242,411       $  732,053       $   684,473     
  EBITDA                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                    
                              NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION - FREE CASH FLOW FROM     
                              CONTINUING OPERATIONS                             
  U.S. dollars in thousands                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
               Quarter                            Year to                       
                 ended                               date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               Septem…                            Septem…                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  provi…    $  190,500       $   158,961       $  536,893       $   583,119     
  by                                                                            
  opera…                                                                        
  activ…                                                                        
  Purch…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  prope…        (7,258  )        (10,419  )       (15,504  )        (27,395  )  
  and                                                                           
  equip…                                                                        
  Capit…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  inter…       (19,663  )        (16,812  )       (54,566  )        (47,986  )  
  use                                                                           
  softw…                                                                        
  costs                                                                         
  Free                                                                          
  Cash      $  163,579       $   131,730       $  466,823       $   507,738     
  Flow                                                                          
  (a)                                                                           
                                                                                
(a) Free cash flow from continuing operations is defined as operating cash flows
from continuing operations less capital expenditures of the continuing
operations and less capitalization of internal use software costs.