SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-16 OR 15D-16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of August 2025 (Report No. 2) Commission File Number: 0-27466 NICE LTD.

| (Translation of Registrant’s Name into English) |

13 Zarchin Street, P.O. Box 690, Ra’anana 4310602, Israel

| (Address of Principal Executive Offices) |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F ☒Form 40-F ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ____ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ____ THE GAAP FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ATTACHED TO THE PRESS RELEASE ATTACHED HERETO AS EXHIBIT 99.1 OF THIS REPORT ON FORM 6-K ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO NICE LTD.`S (“NICE”) REGISTRATION STATEMENTS ON FORM S-8 (REGISTRATION STATEMENT NOS. 333-166364, 333-168100, 333-171165, 333-162795, 333-162110, 333-06784, 333-08146, 333-11842, 333-09350, 333-11154, 333-111112, 333-111113, 333-134355, 333-144589, 333-145981, 333-153230, 333-177510, 333-179408, 333-181375, 333-191176, 333-199904, 333-210341, 333-210343, 333-210344, 333-214584, 333-226930, 333-228911, 333-249186 and 333-270969), AND TO BE A PART THEREOF FROM THE DATE ON WHICH THIS REPORT IS SUBMITTED, TO THE EXTENT NOT SUPERSEDED BY DOCUMENTS OR REPORTS SUBSEQUENTLY FILED OR FURNISHED. CONTENTS This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein: 99.1 Press Release: NiCE Reports 12% Year-Over-Year Cloud Revenue Growth for the Second Quarter 2025 and Raises Full-Year 2025 EPS Guidance, Dated August 14, 2025. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

EXHIBIT INDEX 99.1 Press Release: NiCE Reports 12% Year-Over-Year Cloud Revenue Growth for the Second Quarter 2025 and Raises Full-Year 2025 EPS Guidance, Dated August 14, 2025.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-1.htm - EXHIBIT 99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 NiCE Reports 12% Year-Over-Year Cloud Revenue Growth for the Second
Quarter 2025 and Raises Full-Year 2025 EPS Guidance
                                                                       
  •  Company exceeds high end of Q2 2025 total revenue guidance range  
                                                                       
                                             
  •  Double-digit year-over-year EPS growth  
                                             
Hoboken, New Jersey, August 14, 2025 - NiCE (NASDAQ: NICE)today announced
results for the second quarter ended June 30, 2025, as compared to the
corresponding periods of the previous year. Second Quarter 2025 Financial
Highlights
                                                                                
  GAAP                                  Non-GAAP                                
  Total revenue was $726.7 million and  Total revenue was $726.7 million and    
  increased                             increased 9%                            
  9%                                                                            
  Cloud revenue was $540.8 million and  Cloud revenue was $540.8 million and    
  increased                             increased 12%                           
  12%                                                                           
  Operating income was $160.6 million   Operating income was $219.7 million     
  and                                   and increased 9%                        
  increased 25%                                                                 
  Operating margin was 22.1% compared   Operating margin was 30.2% compared to  
  to 19.4%                              30.4% last year                         
  last year                                                                     
  Diluted EPS was $2.96 and increased   Diluted EPS was $3.01 and increased     
  69%                                   14%                                     
                                                                                
“We’re pleased to report another strong quarter, with total revenue reaching
$727 million—surpassing the high end of our guidance range—and earnings per
share of $3.01 at the top of the expected range,” said Scott Russell, CEO of
NiCE. This performance was driven by continued strength in our cloud business,
which grew 12% year-over-year. A key catalyst behind this momentum is the
accelerating demand for AI and self-service solutions, with annual recurring
revenue in this part of our business rising an impressive 42% compared to the
same period last year. Mr. Russell continued, “AI is at the core of our
strategy, and we are at the forefront of the AI-first transformation in the
customer experience market. And this is just the beginning. Our momentum is set
to accelerate further with the upcoming integration of Cognigy’s industry-
leading CX-AI conversational and agentic capabilities upon closing of the
transaction, enabling us to deliver truly human-like, AI-first customer
experiences on CXone Mpower. Our continued leadership in AI innovation is
powered by our solid financial foundation, strong profitability, and robust
balance sheet, as well as a growing number of strategic partnerships secured
over the past six months." GAAP Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter
Ended June 30: Revenues: Second quarter 2025 total revenues increased 9% year
over year to $726.7 million compared to $664.4 million for the second quarter of
2024. Gross Profit: Second quarter 2025 gross profit was $485.1 million compared
to $439.6 million for the second quarter of 2024. Second quarter 2025 gross
margin was 66.8% compared to 66.2% for the second quarter of 2024. Operating
Income: Second quarter 2025 operating income increased 25% to $160.6 million
compared to $128.8 million for the second quarter of 2024. Second quarter 2025
operating margin was 22.1% compared to 19.4% for the second quarter of 2024. Net
Income: Second quarter 2025 net income increased 62% to $187.4 million compared
to $115.8 million for the second quarter of 2024. Second quarter 2025 net income
margin was 25.8% compared to 17.4% for the second quarter of 2024. Fully Diluted
Earnings Per Share: Second quarter 2025 fully diluted earnings per share
increased 69% to $2.96 compared to $1.76 in the second quarter of 2024. Cash
Flow and Cash Balance: Second quarter 2025 operating cash flow was $61.3 million
and $30.8 million was used for share repurchases. As of June 30, 2025, total
cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments were $1,631.7 million. Our
debt, was $459.6 million, resulting in net cash and investments of $1,172.0
million. Non-GAAP Financial Highlights for the Second Quarter June 30: Revenues:
Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP total revenues increased 9% year over year to
$726.7 million compared to $664.4 million for the second quarter of 2024. Gross
Profit: Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP gross profit increased to $503.9 million
compared to $469.4 million for the second quarter of 2024. Second quarter 2025
non-GAAP gross margin was 69.3% compared to 70.7% for the second quarter of
2024. Operating Income: Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP operating income increased
9% to $219.7 million compared to $201.7 million for the second quarter of 2024.
Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP operating margin was 30.2% compared to 30.4% for
the second quarter of 2024. Net Income: Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP net income
increased 9% to $190.3 million compared to $174.2 million for the second quarter
of 2024. Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP net income margin totaled 26.2% compared
to 26.2% for the second quarter of 2024. Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share:
Second quarter 2025 non-GAAP fully diluted earnings per share increased 14% to
$3.01 compared to $2.64 for the second quarter of 2024. Third Quarter and Full
Year 2025 Guidance*: Third-Quarter 2025: Third-quarter 2025 non-GAAP total
revenue is expected to be in a range of $722 million to $732 million,
representing 5% year over year growth at the midpoint. Third-quarter 2025 non-
GAAP fully diluted earnings per share is expected to be in a range of $3.12 to
$3.22, representing 10% year over year growth at the midpoint. Full-Year 2025:
The Company reaffirmed full-year 2025 non-GAAP total revenue which is expected
to be in a range of $2,918 million to $2,938 million, representing 7% year over
year growth at the midpoint. The Company raised full-year 2025 non-GAAP fully
diluted earnings per share which is expected to be in a range of $12.33 to
$12.53, representing 12% year over year growth at the midpoint. *The planned
acquisition of Cognigy is expected to close during the fourth quarter of 2025,
subject to regulatory approval, and therefore this guidance excludes any planned
impact from this proposed transaction. Quarterly Results Conference Call NiCE
management will host its earnings conference call today, August 14, 2025, at
8:30 AM ET, 13:30 GMT, 15:30 Israel, to discuss the results and the company's
outlook. A live webcast and replay will be available on the Investor Relations
page of the Company’s website. To access, please register by clicking here:
https://www.nice.com/investor-relations/upcoming-event. Explanation of Non-GAAP
measures Non-GAAP financial measures are included in this press release. Non-
GAAP financial measures consist of GAAP financial measures adjusted to exclude
share-based compensation, amortization of acquired intangible assets,
acquisition related and other expenses, amortization of discount on debt and the
tax effect of the Non-GAAP adjustments. The Company believes that these Non-GAAP
financial measures, used in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures,
provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial
performance of our business. We believe Non-GAAP financial measures are useful
to investors as a measure of the ongoing performance of our business. Our
management regularly uses our supplemental Non-GAAP financial measures
internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and to make
financial, strategic and operating decisions. These Non-GAAP measures are among
the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future
periods. Our Non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in
isolation or as a substitute for comparable GAAP measures and should be read
only in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements prepared in
accordance with GAAP. These Non-GAAP financial measures may differ materially
from the Non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. Reconciliation
between results on a GAAP and Non-GAAP basis is provided in a table immediately
following the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company provides guidance
only on a Non-GAAP basis. A reconciliation of guidance from a GAAP to Non-GAAP
basis is not available due to the unpredictability and uncertainty associated
with future events that would be reported in GAAP results and would require
adjustments between GAAP and Non-GAAP financial measures, including the impact
of future possible business acquisitions. Accordingly, a reconciliation of the
guidance based on Non-GAAP financial measures to corresponding GAAP financial
measures for future periods is not available without unreasonable effort. About
NiCE NiCE(NASDAQ: NICE) is transforming the world with AI that puts people
first. Our purpose-built AI-powered platforms automate engagements into
proactive, safe, intelligent actions, empowering individuals and organizations
to innovate and act, from interaction to resolution. Trusted by organizations
throughout 150+ countries worldwide, NiCE’s platforms are widely adopted across
industries connecting people, systems, and workflows to work smarter at scale,
elevating performance across the organization, delivering proven measurable
outcomes. Investor Relations Contact Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com,
ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763-0127, ir@nice.com, CET Corporate Media Contact
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET Trademark Note:NiCE
and the NiCE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NICE. All other
marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of NiCE
trademarks, please see: http://www.nice.com/nice-trademarks . Forward-Looking
Statements
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-
looking statements may be identified by words such as “believe”, “expect”,
“seek”, “may”, “will”, “intend”, “should”, “project”, “anticipate”, “plan”, and
similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management regarding the
future of the Company’s business, performance, future plans and strategies,
projections, anticipated events and trends, the economic environment, and other
future conditions. Examples of forward-looking statements include guidance
regarding the Company’s revenue and earnings and the growth of our cloud,
analytics and artificial intelligence business. Forward looking statements are
inherently subject to significant uncertainties, contingencies, and risks,
including, economic, competitive and other factors, which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond the control of management. The Company
cautions that these statements are not guarantees of future performance, and
investors should not place undue reliance on them. There are or will be
important known and unknown factors and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. These factors, include, but are not limited to, risks
associated with changes in economic and business conditions, competition,
successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy, success and growth of the
Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business, difficulties in making
additional acquisitions or effectively integrating acquired operations,
products, technologies and personnel, the Company’s dependency on third-party
cloud computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners,
rapid changes in technology and market requirements, the implementation of AI
capabilities in certain products and services; decline in demand for the
Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies,
products and applications, loss of market share, cyber security attacks or other
security incidents, privacy concerns and legislation impacting the Company’s
business, changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of
additional tax liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of
unexpected events or geo-political conditions, including those arising from
political instability or armed conflict that may disrupt our business and the
global economy, our ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel, the
effect of newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company
and our products, and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our
filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). You are
encouraged to carefully review the section entitled “Risk Factors” in our latest
Annual Report on Form 20-F and our other filings with the SEC for additional
information regarding these and other factors and uncertainties that could
affect our future performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this
press release speak only as of the date hereof, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise, except as required by law.
                                         
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES             
  CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS  
  U.S. dollars in thousands              
                                         
                                                                             
                                                June 30,       December 31,  
  ASSETS                                            2025               2024  
  CURRENT ASSETS:                              Unaudited            Audited  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and cash equivalents                 $    535,050    $       481,712  
  Short-term investments                       1,096,638          1,139,996  
  Trade receivables                              680,963            643,985  
  Prepaid expenses and other current             223,409            239,080  
  assets                                                                     
  Total current assets                         2,536,060          2,504,773  
  LONG-TERM ASSETS:                                                          
  Property and equipment, net                    186,141            185,292  
  Deferred tax assets                            243,665            219,232  
  Other intangible assets, net                   191,613            231,346  
  Operating lease right-of-use assets             68,783             93,083  
  Goodwill                                     1,866,226          1,849,668  
  Prepaid expenses and other long-term           217,200            212,512  
  assets                                                                     
  Total long-term assets                       2,773,628          2,791,133  
  TOTAL ASSETS                              $  5,309,688    $     5,295,906  
  LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                       
  CURRENT LIABILITIES:                                                       
  Trade payables                            $     81,624    $       110,603  
  Deferred revenues and advances from            355,944            299,367  
  customers                                                                  
  Current maturities of operating leases          12,516             12,554  
  Debt                                           459,639            458,791  
  Accrued expenses and other liabilities         473,317            593,109  
  Total current liabilities                    1,383,040          1,474,424  
  LONG-TERM LIABILITIES:                                                     
  Deferred revenues and advances from             66,645             66,289  
  customers                                                                  
  Operating leases                                66,879             92,258  
  Deferred tax liabilities                         1,574              1,965  
  Other long-term liabilities                     60,306             57,807  
  Total long-term liabilities                    195,404            218,319  
  SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                                                       
  Nice Ltd's equity                            3,731,244          3,589,742  
  Non-controlling interests                            -             13,421  
  Total shareholders' equity                   3,731,244          3,603,163  
  TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS'       $  5,309,688    $     5,295,906  
  EQUITY                                                                     
                                                                             
                                               
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                   
  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME            
  U.S. dollars in thousands (except per share  
  amounts)                                     
                                               
                                                                                
               Quarter                               Year                       
                 ended                              ended                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  June                               June                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  Reven…                                                                        
  Cloud     $  540,822       $   481,693       $  1,067,…       $   950,099     
  Servi…       140,480           147,611          280,683           296,524     
  Produ…        45,410            35,096           79,076            77,086     
  Total        726,712           664,400          1,426,…          1,323,7…     
  reven…                                                                        
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  Cloud        185,971           170,702          365,445           340,680     
  Servi…        48,254            46,663           94,497            92,749     
  Produ…         7,376             7,418           13,739            14,023     
  Total                                                                         
  cost         241,601           224,783          473,681           447,452     
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  Gross        485,111           439,617          953,223           876,257     
  profit                                                                        
  Opera…                                                                        
  expen…                                                                        
  Resea…                                                                        
  and           89,762            86,522          178,864           174,354     
  devel…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Selli…                                                                        
  and          169,799           157,645          331,233           312,660     
  marke…                                                                        
  Gener…                                                                        
  and           64,958            66,626          134,365           138,980     
  admin…                                                                        
  Total                                                                         
  opera…       324,519           310,793          644,462           625,994     
  expen…                                                                        
  Opera…       160,592           128,824          308,761           250,263     
  income                                                                        
  Finan…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  other        (14,820  )        (15,645  )       (30,670  )        (29,654  )  
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Income                                                                        
  before       175,412           144,469          339,431           279,917     
  tax                                                                           
  Taxes                                                                         
  on           (11,992  )         28,684           22,737            57,759     
  income                                                                        
  Net       $  187,404       $   115,785       $  316,694       $   222,158     
  income                                                                        
  Earni…                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share:                                                                        
  Basic     $     3.01       $      1.82       $     5.05       $      3.50     
  Dilut…    $     2.96       $      1.76       $     4.97       $      3.36     
  Weigh…                                                                        
  avera…                                                                        
  shares                                                                        
  outst…                                                                        
  Basic         62,160            63,534           62,754            63,406     
  Dilut…        63,210            65,856           63,785            66,192     
                                                                                
                                     
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES         
  CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENTS  
  U.S. dollars in thousands          
                                     
                                                                                
               Quarter                               Year                       
                 ended                              ended                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  June                               June                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  Opera…                                                                        
  Activ…                                                                        
  Net       $  187,404       $   115,785       $  316,694       $   222,158     
  income                                                                        
  Adjus…                                                                        
  to                                                                            
  recon…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  income                                                                        
  to                                                                            
  net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  provi…                                                                        
  by                                                                            
  opera…                                                                        
  activ…                                                                        
  Depre…                                                                        
  and           44,612            51,520           88,053           103,280     
  amort…                                                                        
  Share…        37,310            42,226           80,647            86,630     
  compe…                                                                        
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  premi…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  disco…                                                                        
  and           (2,029  )         (2,096  )        (4,304  )         (3,328  )  
  accru…                                                                        
  inter…                                                                        
  on                                                                            
  marke…                                                                        
  secur…                                                                        
  Defer…                                                                        
  taxes,        (3,757  )        (15,773  )       (25,294  )        (11,407  )  
  net                                                                           
  Chang…                                                                        
  in                                                                            
  opera…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  liabi…                                                                        
  Trade                                                                         
  Recei…       (30,742  )         (6,707  )       (26,064  )          1,430     
  net                                                                           
  Prepa…                                                                        
  expen…                                                                        
  and          (14,846  )          1,740           13,709            10,501     
  other                                                                         
  curre…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  Opera…                                                                        
  lease          2,929             3,372            8,826             6,653     
  right…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  Trade         21,884            17,702          (31,407  )          6,939     
  payab…                                                                        
  Accru…                                                                        
  expen…                                                                        
  and          (158,9…  )        (40,836  )       (109,4…  )        (43,704  )  
  other                                                                         
  curre…                                                                        
  liabi…                                                                        
  Defer…       (19,719  )          4,742           49,855            50,281     
  reven…                                                                        
  Opera…                                                                        
  lease           (746  )         (3,976  )       (10,935  )         (7,776  )  
  liabi…                                                                        
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  disco…           428               425              849               974     
  on                                                                            
  long-…                                                                        
  debt                                                                          
  Other         (2,427  )          1,544           (4,775  )          1,527     
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  provi…        61,322           169,668          346,393           424,158     
  by                                                                            
  opera…                                                                        
  activ…                                                                        
  Inves…                                                                        
  Activ…                                                                        
  Purch…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  prope…        (4,579  )         (6,455  )        (8,246  )        (16,976  )  
  and                                                                           
  equip…                                                                        
  Purch…                                                                        
  of           (24,687  )       (105,991  )       (74,141  )       (437,113  )  
  Inves…                                                                        
  Proce…                                                                        
  from                                                                          
  sales         76,416            51,971          134,774           568,121     
  of                                                                            
  marke…                                                                        
  inves…                                                                        
  Capit…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  inter…       (18,137  )        (15,238  )       (34,903  )        (31,174  )  
  use                                                                           
  softw…                                                                        
  costs                                                                         
  Payme…                                                                        
  for                                                                           
  busin…                                                                        
  acqui…             -                 -          (36,466  )              -     
  net                                                                           
  of                                                                            
  cash                                                                          
  acqui…                                                                        
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  provi…                                                                        
  by            29,013           (75,713  )       (18,982  )         82,858     
  (used                                                                         
  in)                                                                           
  inves…                                                                        
  activ…                                                                        
  Finan…                                                                        
  Activ…                                                                        
  Proce…                                                                        
  from                                                                          
  issua…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  shares           333               520            1,008             2,312     
  upon                                                                          
  exerc…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  optio…                                                                        
  Purch…                                                                        
  of           (30,839  )       (146,088  )       (283,1…  )       (187,603  )  
  treas…                                                                        
  shares                                                                        
  Divid…                                                                        
  paid                                                                          
  to                 -                 -                -            (2,681  )  
  nonco…                                                                        
  inter…                                                                        
  Repay…                                                                        
  of                 -                 -                -           (87,435  )  
  debt                                                                          
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  used         (30,506  )       (145,568  )       (282,1…  )       (275,407  )  
  in                                                                            
  finan…                                                                        
  activ…                                                                        
  Effect                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  excha…                                                                        
  rates                                                                         
  on             5,139            (1,309  )         6,286            (3,248  )  
  cash                                                                          
  and                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  equiv…                                                                        
  Net                                                                           
  change                                                                        
  in                                                                            
  cash,                                                                         
  cash          64,968           (52,922  )        51,537           228,361     
  equiv…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  restr…                                                                        
  cash                                                                          
  Cash,                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  equiv…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  restr…    $  471,601       $   794,597       $  485,032       $   513,314     
  cash,                                                                         
  begin…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  period                                                                        
  Cash,                                                                         
  cash                                                                          
  equiv…                                                                        
  and       $  536,569       $   741,675       $  536,569       $   741,675     
  restr…                                                                        
  cash,                                                                         
  end of                                                                        
  period                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
              Reconcili…                                                        
              of cash,                                                          
              cash                                                              
              equivalen…                                                        
              and                                                               
              restricted                                                        
              cash                                                              
              reported                                                          
              in the                                                            
              consolida…                                                        
              balance                                                           
              sheet:                                                            
                                                                                
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Cash and                                                                      
  cash                    $  535,050    $  739,556    $  535,050    $  739,556  
  equivalen…                                                                    
  Restricted                                                                    
  cash                                                                          
  included                $    1,519    $    2,119    $    1,519    $    2,119  
  in other                                                                      
  current                                                                       
  assets                                                                        
  Total                                                                         
  cash, cash                                                                    
  equivalen…                                                                    
  and                                                                           
  restricted              $  536,569    $  741,675    $  536,569    $  741,675  
  cash shown                                                                    
  in the                                                                        
  statement                                                                     
  of cash                                                                       
  flows                                                                         
                                                                                
                                               
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                   
  RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP RESULTS   
  U.S. dollars in thousands (except per share  
  amounts)                                     
                                               
                                                                                
                Quarter                           Year to                       
                  ended                              date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
               June 30,                              June                       
                                                      30,                       
                   2025             2024             2025              2024     
  GAAP      $   726,712       $  664,400       $  1,426,…       $  1,323,7…     
  reven…                                                                        
  Non-G…    $   726,712       $  664,400       $  1,426,…       $  1,323,7…     
  reven…                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  cost      $   241,601       $  224,783       $  473,681       $   447,452     
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…                                                                        
  intan…                                                                        
  assets        (13,202  )       (24,133  )       (28,605  )        (49,500  )  
  on                                                                            
  cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  cloud                                                                         
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…                                                                        
  intan…                                                                        
  assets              -             (150  )             -              (410  )  
  on                                                                            
  cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  produ…                                                                        
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  cloud          (3,293  )        (2,852  )        (6,471  )         (5,854  )  
  reven…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  servi…         (2,241  )        (2,617  )        (4,696  )         (4,995  )  
  reven…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  (1)                                                                           
  Cost                                                                          
  of                                                                            
  produ…            (21  )           (30  )           (43  )            (60  )  
  reven…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  (1)                                                                           
  Non-G…                                                                        
  cost      $   222,844       $  195,001       $  433,866       $   386,633     
  of                                                                            
  reven…                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  gross     $   485,111       $  439,617       $  953,223       $   876,257     
  profit                                                                        
  Gross                                                                         
  profit         18,757           29,782           39,815            60,819     
  adjus…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  gross     $   503,868       $  469,399       $  993,038       $   937,076     
  profit                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  opera…    $   324,519       $  310,793       $  644,462       $   625,994     
  expen…                                                                        
  Resea…                                                                        
  and            (3,178  )        (7,484  )        (7,871  )        (15,627  )  
  devel…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Sales                                                                         
  and           (13,258  )       (13,210  )       (28,672  )        (27,382  )  
  marke…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Gener…                                                                        
  and           (16,924  )       (17,429  )       (36,482  )        (37,260  )  
  admin…                                                                        
  (1,2)                                                                         
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…         (6,956  )        (4,972  )       (11,649  )        (10,211  )  
  intan…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  Valua…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  on                  -                8                -                23     
  acqui…                                                                        
  defer…                                                                        
  commi…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  opera…    $   284,203       $  267,706       $  559,788       $   535,537     
  expen…                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  finan…                                                                        
  and       $   (14,820  )    $  (15,645  )    $  (30,670  )    $   (29,654  )  
  other                                                                         
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  disco…           (428  )          (425  )          (849  )           (974  )  
  on                                                                            
  debt                                                                          
  Change                                                                        
  in                                                                            
  fair                                                                          
  value               -              (35  )             -               (79  )  
  of                                                                            
  conti…                                                                        
  consi…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  finan…                                                                        
  and       $   (15,248  )    $  (16,105  )    $  (31,519  )    $   (30,707  )  
  other                                                                         
  incom…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  GAAP                                                                          
  taxes     $   (11,992  )    $   28,684       $   22,737       $    57,759     
  on                                                                            
  income                                                                        
  Tax                                                                           
  adjus…                                                                        
  re             56,627           14,963           66,720            28,779     
  non-G…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  taxes     $    44,635       $   43,647       $   89,457       $    86,538     
  on                                                                            
  income                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  net       $   187,404       $  115,785       $  316,694       $   222,158     
  income                                                                        
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  acqui…         20,158           29,255           40,254            60,121     
  intan…                                                                        
  assets                                                                        
  Valua…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  on                  -               (8  )             -               (23  )  
  acqui…                                                                        
  defer…                                                                        
  commi…                                                                        
  Share…                                                                        
  compe…         38,915           43,622           83,840            89,266     
  (1)                                                                           
  Acqui…                                                                        
  relat…                                                                        
  and                 -                -              395             1,912     
  other                                                                         
  expen…                                                                        
  (2)                                                                           
  Amort…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  disco…            428              425              849               974     
  on                                                                            
  debt                                                                          
  Change                                                                        
  in                                                                            
  fair                                                                          
  value               -               35                -                79     
  of                                                                            
  conti…                                                                        
  consi…                                                                        
  Tax                                                                           
  adjus…                                                                        
  re            (56,627  )       (14,963  )       (66,720  )        (28,779  )  
  non-G…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  net       $   190,278       $  174,151       $  375,312       $   345,708     
  income                                                                        
  GAAP                                                                          
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…    $      2.96       $     1.76       $     4.97       $      3.36     
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
  Non-G…                                                                        
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…    $      3.01       $     2.64       $     5.88       $      5.22     
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
  Shares                                                                        
  used                                                                          
  in                                                                            
  compu…                                                                        
  GAAP           63,210           65,856           63,785            66,192     
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
  Shares                                                                        
  used                                                                          
  in                                                                            
  compu…                                                                        
  non-G…         63,210           65,856           63,785            66,192     
  dilut…                                                                        
  earni…                                                                        
  per                                                                           
  share                                                                         
                                                                                
                                              
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                  
  RECONCILIATION OF GAAP TO NON-GAAP RESULTS  
  (continued)                                 
  U.S. dollars in thousands                   
                                              
                                                                                
         Share-bas…          Quarter                      Year to               
  (1  )  compensat…            ended                         date               
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                            June 30,                     June 30,               
                                2025         2024            2025         2024  
         Cost of                                                                
         cloud         $       3,293    $   2,852    $      6,471    $   5,792  
         revenue                                                                
         Cost of                                                                
         services              2,241        2,617           4,696        4,995  
         revenue                                                                
         Cost of                                                                
         product                  21           30              43           60  
         revenue                                                                
         Research                                                               
         and                   3,178        7,484           7,871       15,297  
         developme…                                                             
         Sales and            13,258       13,210          28,672       26,739  
         marketing                                                              
         General                                                                
         and                  16,924       17,429          36,087       36,383  
         administr…                                                             
                       $      38,915    $  43,622    $     83,840    $  89,266  
                                                                                
                                                                                
         Acquisition                                                            
         related and                                                            
         other                Quarter                      Year to              
  (2  )  expenses               ended                         date              
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                             June 30,                     June 30,              
                                 2025       2024              2025        2024  
         Cost of                                                                
         cloud          $           -    $     -    $            -    $     62  
         revenue                                                                
         Research                                                               
         and                        -          -                 -         330  
         development                                                            
         Sales and                  -          -                 -         643  
         marketing                                                              
         General and                -          -               395         877  
         administra…                                                            
                        $           -    $     -    $          395    $  1,912  
                                                                                
                                                 
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                     
  RECONCILIATION OF GAAP NET INCOME TO NON-GAAP  
  EBITDA                                         
  U.S. dollars in thousands                      
                                                 
                                                                                
               Quarter                            Year to                       
                 ended                               date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  June                               June                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  GAAP                                                                          
  net       $  187,404       $   115,785       $  316,694       $   222,158     
  income                                                                        
  Non-G…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  Depre…                                                                        
  and           44,612            51,520           88,053           103,280     
  amort…                                                                        
  Share…        37,310            42,226           80,647            86,630     
  compe…                                                                        
  Finan…                                                                        
  and                                                                           
  other        (14,820  )        (15,645  )       (30,670  )        (29,654  )  
  expen…                                                                        
  (inco…                                                                        
  net                                                                           
  Acqui…                                                                        
  relat…                                                                        
  and                -                 -              395             1,912     
  other                                                                         
  expen…                                                                        
  Valua…                                                                        
  adjus…                                                                        
  on                 -                (8  )             -               (23  )  
  acqui…                                                                        
  defer…                                                                        
  commi…                                                                        
  Taxes                                                                         
  on           (11,992  )         28,684           22,737            57,759     
  income                                                                        
  Non-G…    $  242,514       $   222,562       $  477,856       $   442,062     
  EBITDA                                                                        
                                                                                
                                                                                
  NICE LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES                                                    
                              NON-GAAP RECONCILIATION - FREE CASH FLOW FROM     
                              CONTINUING OPERATIONS                             
  U.S. dollars in thousands                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
               Quarter                            Year to                       
                 ended                               date                       
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
                  June                               June                       
                   30,                                30,                       
                  2025              2024             2025              2024     
               Unaudi…          Unaudit…          Unaudi…          Unaudit…     
  Net                                                                           
  cash                                                                          
  provi…    $   61,322       $   169,668       $  346,393       $   424,158     
  by                                                                            
  opera…                                                                        
  activ…                                                                        
  Purch…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  prope…        (4,579  )         (6,455  )        (8,246  )        (16,976  )  
  and                                                                           
  equip…                                                                        
  Capit…                                                                        
  of                                                                            
  inter…       (18,137  )        (15,238  )       (34,903  )        (31,174  )  
  use                                                                           
  softw…                                                                        
  costs                                                                         
  Free                                                                          
  Cash      $   38,606       $   147,975       $  303,244       $   376,008     
  Flow                                                                          
  (a)                                                                           
                                                                                
(a) Free cash flow from continuing operations is defined as operating cash flows
from continuing operations less capital expenditures of the continuing
operations and less capitalization of internal use software costs.