SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-16 OR 15D-16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of March 2025 (Report No. 1) Commission File Number: 0-27466 NICE LTD.

| (Translation of Registrant’s Name into English) |

13 Zarchin Street, P.O. Box 690, Ra’anana, Israel

| (Address of Principal Executive Offices) |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F ☒Form 40-F ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ____ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ____ CONTENTS This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein:

| 99.1 
 99.2 | Certified Languages International Personalizes Customer Service with CXone Mpower, dated March 11, 2025                                                                
 State’s Attorney’s Office for Prince George’s County Undertakes Digital Evidence Management Transformation with AI-powered NICE Justice, dated March 13, 2025          |
|:-----|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 99.3 | NICE Launches CXone Mpower Orchestrator to Deliver the First True End-to-End AI Automation in Customer Service, dated March 17, 2025                                   |
| 99.4 | NICE Named a Leader In 2024 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Conversational Intelligence and Analytics Vendor Assessment, dated March 18, 2025                               |
| 99.5 | NICE Wins Overall Best of Enterprise Connect and Best Innovation in Customer Experience At Enterprise Connect 2025 For CXone Mpower Orchestrator, dated March 18, 2025 |
| 99.6 | NICE Announces Strategic Alliance with Deloitte Digital to Enhance Customer Experience Workflows Through AI and Automation, dated March 25, 2025                       |
| 99.7 | NICE Actimize 2025 EMEA Fraud Survey Uncovers the Top Financial Fraud Types That FIs Must Prioritize, dated March 26, 2025                                             |

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

EXHIBIT INDEX This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein:

| 99.1 
 99.2 | Certified Languages International Personalizes Customer Service                                                
 with CXone Mpower, dated March 11, 2025                                                                        
 State’s Attorney’s Office for Prince George’s County Undertakes                                                
 Digital Evidence Management Transformation with AI-powered NICE Justice, dated March 13, 2025                  |
|:-----|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 99.3 | NICE Launches CXone Mpower Orchestrator to Deliver the First True                                              
 End-to-End AI Automation in Customer Service, dated March 17, 2025                                             |
| 99.4 | NICE Named a Leader In 2024 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide                                                         
 Conversational Intelligence and Analytics Vendor Assessment, dated March 18, 2025                              |
| 99.5 | NICE Wins Overall Best of Enterprise Connect and Best Innovation                                               
 in Customer Experience At Enterprise Connect 2025 For CXone Mpower Orchestrator, dated March 18, 2025          |
| 99.6 | NICE Announces Strategic Alliance                                                                              
 with Deloitte Digital to Enhance Customer Experience Workflows Through AI and Automation, dated March 25, 2025 |
| 99.7 | NICE Actimize 2025 EMEA Fraud Survey                                                                           
 Uncovers the Top Financial Fraud Types That FIs Must Prioritize, dated March 26, 2025                          |

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-1.htm - EXHIBIT 99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1                                                                  
                                                                                
   Certified Languages International Personalizes Customer Service with CXone   
                                                                                
                                     Mpower                                     
                                                                                
With NICE, Certified Languages International will streamline operations, elevate
                        global interpretation services,                         
                                                                                
       and deliver tailored, automated customer service across industries       
                                                                                
  Hoboken, N.J., March 11, 2025 –                                               
                                                                                
NICE (Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that Certified
      Languages International, a full-service language company specializing in
on-demand interpreting and document translation services supporting 230
languages worldwide, has selected NICE CXone Mpower as its platform of choice to
upgrade its customer
      service operations. By migrating from its legacy infrastructure, the
company aims to enhance workflow automation, unify its knowledge base and ensure
seamless support for its agents and interpreters —delivering exceptional
experiences at every
      interaction.

Certified Languages International handles thousands of inbound client inquiries
daily, seeking interpretation services across every industry including
healthcare,
      financial services, retail, and BPO. Previously relying on multiple
vendors for separate CX needs, the company will unify its global operations and
knowledge base with the CXone Mpower platform, creating a single source of truth
for agents and
      interpreters. With the powerful CXone Mpower Essentials Suite, agents can
quickly identify the required language, check interpreter availability based on
skillset, and seamlessly connect clients to the most appropriate interpreter.

“Our interpretation services help people communicate clearly and effectively in
their language of choice, and we needed a solution that would support the rapid
growth
      of our 24/7 on-demand interpretation services,” said Jacob Dillon, COO,
Certified Languages International. “NICE CXone Mpower fits all our needs with
its comprehensive offering and ability to align with
      future business growth. Working with NICE will enable us not only to meet
but exceed our clients’ needs while ensuring convenient and personalized
service.”
                                                                                
  Dan Belanger, President, Americas, NICE                                       
                                                                                
said, “In interpretation services, speed and accuracy are non-negotiable. That’s
why
      we’re excited to help Certified Languages International use CXone Mpower
to unify knowledge, streamline workflows, and connect agents and interpreters in
real time for quicker and more precise service."
                                                                                
  About Certified Languages International                                       
                                                                                
Everyone wants to be understood. As your trusted interpretation partner,
Certified Languages International offers solutions to help create meaningful
connections with
      your clients and customers by making it easier for everyone to communicate
in their preferred language. Our network of experienced, professional
interpreters are fluent in over 230 languages and are ready to support your
interpretation needs from
      American Sign Language (ASL) to spoken languages and more. 
www.certifiedlanguages.com
                                                                                
  About NICE                                                                    
                                                                                
With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it’s never been easier for organizations of all sizes
around the globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key
      business metrics. Featuring the world’s #1 cloud native customer
experience platform, CXone Mpower, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered
self-service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center – and beyond.
Over 25,000 organizations in
      more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies,
partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every customer interaction.
www.nice.com
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com, CET

Trademark Note: NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks
of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of
      their respective owners. For a full list of NICE’s marks, please
see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Belanger, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
“Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,”
“project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic
and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company’s
growth strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-2.htm - EXHIBIT 99.2 - Type: EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 State’s Attorney’s Office for Prince George’s County Undertakes
Digital Evidence Management Transformation with AI-powered NICE Justice State’s
Attorney’s Office will leverage NICE Justice to enhance its prosecutorial
effectiveness, and its ability to administer justice fairly, efficiently and
diligently Hoboken, N.J., March 13, 2025 – NICE(Nasdaq: NICE)today announced
that the Office of the State’s Attorney for Prince George’s County (Maryland)
has selected NICE Justice, one of the AI-powered solutions in NICE’s
Evidencentralplatform, to enhance its prosecutorial effectiveness, and its
ability to administer justice fairly, efficiently and diligently. The Office
serves as the chief law enforcement agency for Prince George's County, which is
home to nearly one million residents. It handles approximately 30,000 criminal
cases annually, covering a range of offenses from traffic violations to murder.
The cloud-based NICE Justice solution will digitally transform how state
attorneys and office staff receive, interact with, manage and share digital
evidence. Freed from dealing with discs, drives, emails, and logging into
multiple systems to manage and prepare evidence, attorneys and staff will be
able to focus on building and presenting compelling cases. NICE Justice also
features built-in AI and automation capabilities for object detection, automated
case building, video and audio transcription and translation, optical character
recognition (OCR), analytics and finding evidence connections. State Attorney
Aisha N. Braveboy, who led the effort to bring NICE Justice into the State
Attorney’s Office to improve digital evidence management,and has a strong record
of prosecuting violent offenders and implementing strategies to reduce crime,
said, “Our office oversees the highest number of cases of any county in
Maryland. We are dedicated to administering a justice system that is strong,
effective, innovative, restorative, and balanced, and focused on victims and the
safety and well-being of our communities. Digital evidence is vital to this
mission, but managing ever-increasing digital evidence is becoming more
challenging by the day. NICE Justice is going to help us meet our burden of
proof and administer justice fairly, efficiently, and diligently. I would like
to thank Senator Chris Van Hollen and Retired Senator Ben Cardin for sponsoring
Federal earmarked funding from the FY23 Department of Justice COPS Program for
Technology and Equipment which allowed our office to enter into the contract to
obtain NICE Justice. Their recognition of the importance that digital evidence
plays now and in the future is a testament to their commitment to public safety
in Maryland.” Charles R Glenn Jr., Director of IT for the Prince George’s County
State’s Attorney Office, stated, “With change comes progress. As a cloud-based
solution, NICE Justice is going to position us in a better light moving forward.
We’ll be able to manage all of our evidence in one place, leveraging automated
workflows to lighten the workload for our attorneys and staff. It will also
reduce our dependency on physical servers and give our attorneys confidence in
their ability to access digital evidence, whenever and wherever they need it,
even at trial.” Chris Wooten, Executive Vice President, NICE,commented,
“Achieving justice for victims hinges on uncovering the truth. However, without
a centralized location to gather and assemble complete digital evidence, finding
that truth can be elusive. Our AI-powered NICE Justice optimizes digital
evidence management by incorporating AI, analytics, and workflow automation.
This platform provides attorneys with a single, secure, and efficient place to
manage, locate, connect, and share digital evidence, so they can uncover the
truth and prosecute cases effectively.” The Office of the State’s Attorney
(comprised of several hundred prosecutors, attorneys, investigators, agents, and
support personnel) is dedicated to seeking justice for victims, as the number of
criminal cases continues to grow annually. With a recent regulation enacted
related to the deployment of body-worn cameras by police departments in
Maryland, the amount of digital evidence related to cases is expected to
increase as well. The Office's intake team currently spends entire workdays
downloading and uploading evidence across various systems. In addition to
increasing the risk of evidence being duplicated or lost, the disjointed nature
of evidence makes it more difficult to access and consolidate for trial
preparation. Additionally, the Office collaborates with over two dozen law
enforcement agencies, which all submit evidence in different manual ways. NICE
Justice will simplify the process of evidence intake by providing a single,
unified portal for securely uploading digital evidence. Once uploaded, evidence
is automatically consolidated into digital case folders stored in the cloud,
making it immediately available to attorneys to start preparing cases.
Additionally, NICE Justice will save time during trial preparation by providing
built-in tools that enable attorneys to efficiently prepare and manage trial
exhibits, sequence video and audio evidence on timelines, create video clips,
electronically share evidence with defense and courts, and much more. To learn
more about NICE’s digital transformation solutions for Public Safety and
Justice:
                                              
  •  Visit the NICE website byclicking here.  
                                              
                                                
  •  EmailPSInfo@NICE.comfor more information.  
                                                
About the State’s Attorney’s Office for Prince George’s County Under the
leadership of State’s Attorney Aisha Braveboy, the Office of the State's
Attorney for Prince George's County, Maryland, serves as the chief law
enforcement agency for the County’s one million residents. This office
effectively prosecutes tens of thousands of criminal cases each year. The
State's Attorney is supported by a dedicated staff comprised of several hundred
prosecutors, assistant state attorneys (ASAs), investigators, agents, and
support staff, all committed to seeking justice for crime victims. Ms. Braveboy
and her team of experienced ASAs work diligently to hold accountable those who
commit serious crimes in the community, achieving an impressive felony
conviction rate of over ninety percent. Prince George’s County, located along
the eastern border of Washington, D.C., is the second most populous county in
Maryland. More info at: https://www.pgsao.org/and
https://www.princegeorgescountymd.gov/ . NICE Public Safety & Justice With over
3,000 customers and 30 years of experience, NICE helps all types of public
safety and criminal justice agencies, from emergency communications and law
enforcement to prosecutors and courts, digitally transform how they manage
digital evidence and data from beginning to end, to get to the truth faster.
NICE’s Evidencentral platform features an ecosystem of integrated technologies
that bring data together to give a single view of the truth, enabling public
safety and justice agencies to do what they do better – whether it’s responding
to incidents, investigating and building cases, or prosecuting crimes. With
comprehensive digital transformation solutions that can be deployed across
entire counties and states, NICE also helps everyone work better together, so
justice flows more smoothly, from incident to court.
https://www.nicepublicsafety.com About NICE With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it’s never
been easier for organizations of all sizes around the globe to create
extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. Featuring
the world’s #1 cloud native customer experience platform, CXone, NICE is a
worldwide leader in AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted CX software for
the contact center – and beyond. Over 25,000 organizations in more than 150
countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to
transform - and elevate - every customer interaction. www.nice.com Corporate
Media Contact Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com ,ET
Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763
0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or
registered trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their
respective owners. For a full list of NICE’s marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press release
contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements,
including the statements by Mr. Wooten, are based on the current beliefs,
expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the “Company”). In
some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as
“believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “project,”
“anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual
results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those described
herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic and
business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company’s growth
strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-3.htm - EXHIBIT 99.3 - Type: EX-99.3

Exhibit 99.3 NICE Launches CXone Mpower Orchestrator to Deliver the First True
End-to-End AI Automation in Customer Service New solution orchestrates and
automates customer service workflows with agentic AI to reduce cost and
accelerate resolution across front-office care and back-office operations
Hoboken, N.J., March 17, 2025 – NICE(Nasdaq: NICE)today announced the launch of
CXone Mpower Orchestrator, the only solution that delivers true end-to-end
automation for customer service by unifying all touchpoints, including virtual
agents, live agents and back-office workflows, on a single AI platform. The
solution was unveiled at Enterprise Connect,the leading conference and
exhibition for enterprise communications and collaboration in North America.
Built natively on CXone Mpower, the industry’s leading customer service AI
platform, Orchestrator seamlessly integrates AI-driven insights, third-party
applications, and enterprise-wide workflows into a unified, automated, and
optimized framework. Unlike traditional workflow tools that offer only partial
visibility or limited automation, Orchestrator analyzes, predicts, and optimizes
processes dynamically, proactively identifying and implementing improvements
across the entire service ecosystem. Complete operational visibility is a
priority for business leaders. About 68% of IT professionals reported data silos
as a top concern for 2025 in a recent report from Dataversity. While legacy BI
tools can create silos, Orchestrator eliminates them with seamless integration
across the customer service application landscape, a critical variable in
process automation and workflow optimization, delivering:
                                                                                
     Seamless Workflow Orchestration -Unifies all customer service operations   
  •  from intent to fulfillment across human-assisted and self-service          
     touchpoints,                                                               
     integrating third-party systems.                                           
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Intelligent Process Analysis:Provides real-time visibility into key        
  •  metrics, detects patterns, identifies optimization opportunities, and      
     simulates changes                                                          
     before implementation.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Predictive Optimization:Continuously optimizes with AI-driven insights,    
     personalizes workflows via “Experience Memory,” and forecasts automation,  
  •  satisfaction                                                               
     and process improvements, giving clear visibility into the impact of       
     changes before they are implemented.                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Business-User Empowerment:Enables non-technical users to implement         
  •  workflow optimizations through a conversational interface, with            
     conversational AI and                                                      
     no-code tools.                                                             
                                                                                
Sheila McGee-Smith, President and Principal Analyst, McGee-Smith Analytics,said,
“Announcing NICE CXone Mpower Orchestrator at Enterprise Connect gives attendees
the opportunity to see the solution live on the show floor. It is a powerful way
to understand how every stage of a customer journey – from self-service inquiry
to live agent interaction and ultimately workflow completion - can be
orchestrated with a single platform built on CX AI. Even more impressive is how
each AI-assisted interaction can be used to continually perfect how a brand
interacts with its customers.” Barry Cooper, President, CX Division, NICE, said,
"Customer service leaders are drowning in AI and automation tools that create
more complexity instead of delivering real efficiency. CXone Mpower Orchestrator
changes the game—eliminating silos, unifying operations, and giving businesses a
single, intelligent view of every customer service workflow. Leveraging
functional AI and a conversational interface, CXone Mpower Orchestrator enables
leaders to proactively identify automation opportunities, optimize processes,
and drive efficiency like never before." Orchestrator leverages NICE’s CX-
specific AI models, trained with industry and brand-specific data, ensuring
every insight is relevant, accurate and aligned with an organization’s unique
brand identity and key performance indicators (KPIs). For more information about
NICE CXone Mpower Orchestrator, click here. About NICE With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE),
it’s never been easier for organizations of all sizes around the globe to create
extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. Featuring
the world’s #1 cloud native customer experience platform, CXone, NICE is a
worldwide leader in AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted CX software for
the contact center – and beyond. Over 25,000 organizations in more than 150
countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to
transform - and elevate - every customer interaction. www.nice.com Corporate
Media Contact Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET
Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763
0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or
registered trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their
respective owners. For a full list of NICE’s marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press release
contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements,
including the statements by Mr. Cooper, are based on the current beliefs,
expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the “Company”). In
some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as
“believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,” “project,”
“anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual
results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those described
herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic and
business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company’s growth
strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-4.htm - EXHIBIT 99.4 - Type: EX-99.4

Exhibit 99.4                                                                  
                                                                                
     NICE Named a Leader In 2024 IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Conversational      
                                                                                
                  Intelligence and Analytics Vendor Assessment                  
                                                                                
  NICE’s breadth of offering and customer/market perception of innovation were  
                            highlighted as strengths                            
Hoboken, N.J., March 18, 2025 – NICE (Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that it has
been named a Leader in the IDC MarketScape:
      Worldwide Conversational Intelligence and Analytics 2024 Vendor Assessment
(doc # US52047824, December 2024). A total of 16 vendors were evaluated.  The
IDC MarketScape study assessed conversational intelligence software vendors on
two axes:
      capabilities and strategies. NICE attributes this recognition to CXone
Mpower's ability to consolidate conversational intelligence and analytics into a
single, AI-powered platform.

In part, the IDC MarketScape report states: “Consider NICE when you are looking
for a conversational analytics vendor that also provides contact center,
knowledge
      base, and customer self-service capabilities. NICE offers a broad partner
ecosystem and massive vertical-specific AI model library that along with a
number of regulatory and compliance certifications, can make it a good choice
for a variety of highly
      regulated industries.”

The report notes, “If your organization is not using or evaluating
conversational intelligence for reporting and analysis purposes, it should be.
Many organizations
      have developed strong return-on-investment (ROI) results from the

reports and analysis done for customer service and even internal operations.”

CXone Mpower is NICE’s industry-leading AI platform, redefining customer service
automation with intelligent, end-to-end automation. By unifying workflows,
empowering
      agents, and centralizing knowledge, CXone Mpower eliminates silos and
drives large-scale service transformation. With over 1,000 pre-built CX AI
models, it delivers AI-powered service at scale, helping businesses operate
smarter and faster. AI is a
      cornerstone of CXone Mpower’s impact, included in 97% of NICE’s large
enterprise deals over $1 million in ARR—demonstrating its prominent role in
automated customer service.

“Organizations that fail to harness conversational intelligence risk missing
critical insights that drive business success,” said Dave Schubmehl, Research
Vice President, AI and Automation at IDC . “NICE’s CXone Mpower AI platform
empowers businesses with AI-driven intelligence to understand and optimize every
customer service interaction—whether AI- or agent-led—resulting
      in smarter decision-making and improved service outcomes.”
                                                                                
  Barry Cooper, President, CX Division, NICE                                    
                                                                                
, said, “CXone Mpower revolutionizes customer service by unifying conversational
      intelligence, real-time insights, and self-service analytics into a single
AI-powered platform. By eliminating silos and automating reporting, businesses
can make faster, smarter decisions with confidence—backed by industry-leading AI
models and an
      extensive partner ecosystem.”

Visit the NICE website and learn more about CXone Mpower by clicking here.

About IDC MarketScape:

IDC MarketScape vendor assessment model is designed to provide an overview of
the competitive fitness of technology and service suppliers in a
      given market. The research utilizes a rigorous scoring methodology based
on both qualitative and quantitative criteria that results in a single graphical
illustration of each supplier’s position within a given market. IDC MarketScape
provides a clear
      framework in which the product and service offerings, capabilities and
strategies, and current and future market success factors of technology
suppliers can be meaningfully compared. The framework also provides technology
buyers with a 360-degree
      assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of current and prospective
suppliers.
                                                                                
  About NICE                                                                    
                                                                                
With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it’s never been easier for organizations of all sizes
around the globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key
      business metrics. Featuring the world’s #1 cloud native customer
experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-
service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over
25,000 organizations in more
      than 150 countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies,
partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every customer interaction.
www.nice.com
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com, CET

Trademark Note: NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks
of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of
      their respective owners. For a full list of NICE’s marks, please
see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Cooper, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
“Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,” “should,”
“project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic
and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company’s
growth strategy; success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-5.htm - EXHIBIT 99.5 - Type: EX-99.5

Exhibit 99.5                                                                  
                                                                                
  NICE Wins Overall Best of Enterprise Connect and Best Innovation in Customer  
                                                                                
      Experience At Enterprise Connect 2025 For CXone Mpower Orchestrator       
                                                                                
CXone Mpower Orchestrator is the first true end-to-end AI automation solution in
                           customer service, able to                            
                                                                                
  proactively transform complex customer service workflows across front-office  
                        care and back-office operations                         
                                                                                
                                with agentic AI                                 
Hoboken, N.J., March 18, 2025 – NICE(Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that it was
named the Overall Best of Enterprise
      Connect and recognized for Best Innovation in Customer Experience at
Enterprise Connect 2025, a leading conference and exhibition for enterprise
communications and customer experience. Both accolades were awarded for NICE’s
                                                                                
  CXone Mpower Orchestrator                                                     
                                                                                
, the only solution that delivers true end-to-end automation for customer
service by unifying all touchpoints, including virtual agents, live agents and
back-office workflows, on a single AI platform.

Best of Enterprise Connect recognizes excellence and innovation in the
enterprise communications and collaboration industry. Judges reviewed entries
focusing on
      factors including technology advancement, innovation and business impact.

Built natively on CXone Mpower , the industry’s leading customer service AI
platform, Orchestrator seamlessly integrates AI-driven insights, third-party
      applications, and enterprise-wide workflows into a unified, automated, and
optimized framework. Unlike traditional workflow tools that offer only partial
visibility or limited automation, Orchestrator analyzes, predicts, and optimizes
processes
      dynamically, proactively identifying and implementing improvements across
the entire service ecosystem.

Orchestrator also connects customer service operations from intent to
fulfillment across human-assisted and self-service touchpoints. It allows
businesses to
      personalize workflows and forecast automation, satisfaction and process
improvements, giving clear visibility into the impact of changes before they are
implemented.
                                                                                
  Eric Krapf, General Manager, Enterprise Connect                               
                                                                                
said, “Each year we have the honor to celebrate the most innovative
        technologies in the enterprise communications and customer experience
industry. This year, we congratulate NICE on its superior innovation with CXone
Mpower Orchestrator. It is a highly impactful development in customer service
automation, and
        we’re pleased to recognize this innovation with the Overall Best of
Enterprise Connect award.”
                                                                                
  Barry Cooper, President, CX Division, NICE                                    
                                                                                
, said, “CXone Mpower Orchestrator tackles the top challenge plaguing IT leaders
        today: siloed operations. In an era of complex customer service—spanning
live and AI agents across countless channels as well as blurred boundaries with
the rest of the organization— Orchestrator delivers the
        clarity and control of workflows that enterprises need. I'm thrilled
that the Best of Enterprise Connect awards has recognized this groundbreaking
innovation in AI-driven customer service automation for IT and business
leaders."

Learn more about NICE CXone Mpower Orchestrator here .

Winners were announced during an awards presentation at Enterprise Connect
2025. For more information: https://enterpriseconnect.com/ .
                                                                                
  About Enterprise Connect                                                      
                                                                                
For more than 30 years, Enterprise Connect has been the leading conference and
exhibition for enterprise communications and customer experience in North
America.
      Enterprise Connect brings corporate IT decision makers together with the
industry's vendors, analysts and consultants to focus on the issues central to
enterprise communications. Enterprise Connect owns and produces No Jitter,
(nojitter.com),
      providing daily blogging and analysis of enterprise communications, and it
also serves the community with a weekly email newsletter, research surveys and a
Webinar Series. For more information, visit https://enterpriseconnect.com/ .
Enterprise
      Connect is brought to you by Informa Connect.
                                                                                
  About Informa Tech                                                            
                                                                                
Informa Tech is a leading provider of market insight and market access to the
global business technology community. Through in-depth expertise and an engaged
audience
      community, Informa Tech helps business professionals make better
technology decisions and marketers reach the most powerful tech buyers and
influencers in the world. Across its portfolio of over 100+ trusted brands,
Informa Tech has over 1000
      industry experts, including over 400 research analysts and consultants in
global research group Omdia, and a monthly audience reach of over 125 million.
Informa Tech is a division of FTSE 100 company Informa plc.
                                                                                
  About NICE                                                                    
                                                                                
With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it’s never been easier for organizations of all sizes
around the globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key
      business metrics. Featuring the world’s #1 cloud native customer
experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-
service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over
25,000 organizations in more
      than 150 countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies,
partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every customer interaction.
www.nice.com
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com , ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com , ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com , CET

Trademark Note: NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks
of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of
      their respective owners. For a full list of NICE’s marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks .
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
      forward-looking statements, including the statements by Mr. Cooper, are
based on the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of
NICE Ltd. (the “Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be
identified by
      terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,” “intend,”
“should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar words.
Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause the actual
      results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic
and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company’s
growth strategy;
      success and growth of the Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business;
changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for the
Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new technologies,
products and
      applications; difficulties in making additional acquisitions or
difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired operations,
products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an inability to
maintain certain marketing and
      distribution arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud
computing platform providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber
security attacks or other security breaches against the Company; privacy
concerns; changes in
      currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the
Middle East that may
      disrupt our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted
or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and
various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S.
Securities and
      Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more detailed description of the
risk factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's
reports filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company’s Annual
Report on Form 20-F. The
      forward-looking statements contained in this press release are made as of
the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to
update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-6.htm - EXHIBIT 99.6 - Type: EX-99.6

Exhibit 99.6 NICE Announces Strategic Alliance with Deloitte Digital to Enhance
Customer Experience Workflows Through AI and Automation New alliance allows
Deloitte Digital and NICE to elevate customer service automation through
predictive and personalized interactions Hoboken, N.J., March 25, 2025 –
NICE(Nasdaq: NICE)and Deloitte Digital today announced an alliance developed to
transform customer service by offering end-to-end AI and service automation.
This collaboration is geared towards making customer service a distinctive
feature of organizations by redefined AI-powered enhancements. As businesses
continue to recognize how critical each touchpoint for a customer is, the need
for an intuitive and simple technologically focused customer service platform is
more evident than ever. Deloitte Digital and NICE each offer revamped solutions,
fueled by AI that takes on the growing challenge of transforming their current
setup. These solutions are designed to boost productivity and create more
personalized and proactive interactions. “Our clients understand the need to
refresh their customer service in an age of increased technology transformation
due to the business potential it unlocks,” said Stephanie Arnette, Ecosystems &
Alliances leader, Deloitte Digital, and principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP.
“This collaboration with NICE showcases the commitment we are making to help
clients improve their customer experience with more cost-effective solutions. In
turn, they will allow our clients to develop more meaningful interactions each
step of the way with their customers.” Equipped with brand-specific guardrails,
NICE offers its CXone Mpowerplatform, which is powered by AI and manages complex
operations with enhanced precision and scale. This grants businesses the ability
to control the design and build of their customer service workflow.
"Implementing an automated customer service model is crucial in today's fast-
paced environment, as it allows businesses to provide timely and efficient
support to their customers,” said Barry Cooper, President of the CX Division,
NICE. “In addition to advanced technology, it requires a strategic approach that
factors in the needs of your customers. Teaming up with Deloitte Digital
highlights our focus to help ensure a seamless and personalized customer service
experience.” Through this alliance, Deloitte Digital and NICE formalize their
collaboration to help clients transform their customer service experience with
Deloitte’s deep industry knowledge applied to NICE’s broad product portfolio and
technological capabilities, from strategy, “hands-on” implementation, to daily
operation of their solution stack. About Deloitte
Deloitte provides industry-leading audit, consulting, tax and advisory services
to many of the world’s most admired brands, including nearly 90% of the Fortune
500® and more than 8,500 U.S.-based private companies. At Deloitte, we strive to
live our purpose of making an impact that mattersby creating trust and
confidence in a more equitable society. We leverage our unique blend of business
acumen, command of technology, and strategic technology alliances to advise our
clients across industries as they build their future. Deloitte is proud to be
part of the largest global professional services network serving our clients in
the markets that are most important to them. Bringing more than 175 years of
service, our network of member firms spans more than 150 countries and
territories. Learn how Deloitte’s approximately 460,000 people worldwide connect
for impact at www.deloitte.com. Contact
                           
  Patty Bloom              
  Public Relations         
  Deloitte Consulting LLP  
  +1 312 371 9647          
  pbloom@deloitte.com      
                           
About NICE With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it’s never been easier for organizations of
all sizes around the globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while
meeting key business metrics. Featuring the world’s #1 cloud native customer
experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-
service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over
25,000 organizations in more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the
Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every
customer interaction. www.nice.com Corporate Media Contact Christopher Irwin-
Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256
5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark
Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NICE Ltd.
All other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of
NICE’s marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking
Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term
is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
forward-looking statements, including the statements by Mr. Cooper, are based on
the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd.
(the “Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be
identified by terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,”
“intend,” “should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar
words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the Company
to differ materially from those described herein, including but not limited to
the impact of changes in economic and business conditions; competition;
successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the
Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business; changes in technology and market
requirements; decline in demand for the Company's products; inability to timely
develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; difficulties
in making additional acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and
integrating acquired operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of
market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution
arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform
providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or
other security breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the
Middle East that may disrupt our business and the global economy; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-7.htm - EXHIBIT 99.7 - Type: EX-99.7

Exhibit 99.7 NICE Actimize 2025 EMEA Fraud Survey Uncovers the Top Financial
Fraud Types That FIs Must Prioritize Technology will have a huge role to play in
fraud detection with GenAI and consortium analytics shown to have the most
promise Hoboken, N.J., March 26, 2025 – NICE Actimize, a NICE(NASDAQ: NICE)
business, has released "The 2025 Fraud Survey: EMEA Financial Fraud Trends and
Investment Priorities” report which identifies the fraud trends landscape across
Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA). Addressing the challenges and drivers
of change in the region, the report includes a deep dive into current changes in
regulations and policy, as well as insights into investments and prioritization
in new technologies. The report was developed with Chartis Research, a leading
provider of research and analysis on the global market for risk technology. The
NICE Actimize “2025 EMEA Financial Fraud Trends and Investment Priorities”
report also identifies changes in fraud typologies and uncovers the types of
financial fraud that FIs must prioritize in the year ahead. The report
indicated:
                                                                                
     Technology will have a huge role to play in fraud detection. Network       
  •  analytics, machine learning and modeling with Generative AI (GenAI) and    
     consortium analytics are shown to                                          
     have the most promise in the next 12 to 18 months.                         
                                                                                
                                                                                
     100 percent of those in the U.K. cite scams as having an impact,           
  •  significantly higher than the rest of EMEA which clocks in at 64 percent   
     of respondents identifying the threat.                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Consumer reimbursement obligations and the fraud liability shift           
  •  represented two policy drivers that would have the most significant        
     impact on fraud detection and prevention.                                  
                                                                                
“The European fraud ecosystem is facing increasing pressures. Not only are there
new fraud typologies affecting both consumers and financial institutions, but
regulatory changes are adding to a complex set of industry guidelines,” said
Craig Costigan, CEO of NICE Actimize. “On a positive note, survey respondents
from a diverse range of financial institutions believe that technological
advancements will help address these challenges in the next 12 to 18 months.
NICE Actimize remains committed to investing in key technologies, such as GenAI,
to combat fraud and financial crime.” EMEA Fraud Typology Mix With no single
fraud typology dominating, the report states that firms need to protect
themselves against multiple typologies. The most prevalent fraud showing the
most significant impact on financial institutions and customers falls under the
social engineering category. Nearly 68 percent see scams as leading in that
category, with account takeover fraud following at 66 percent. Phishing was also
ranked high as a significant fraud type, with 72 percent seeing this type of
fraud as one to watch. Additionally, among first-party fraud typologies, 61
percent and 54 percent of respondents saw money mules and identity theft as
having the greatest impact. The report explained that established typologies
such as phishing and bots, another typology with significant impact according to
66 percent of respondents, are so widespread that they remain a challenge
largely because technology is making those attacks more sophisticated. The
sophistication of scams and mule accounts is also increasing rapidly. The
presence of “complicit” victims, certainly in the case of scams, makes these
fraud typologies extremely hard to counter even when detected. The report
surveyed 90 fraud professionals at banks and payment service providers (PSPs)
across a broad range of markets in EMEA. The sample consisted of 27 percent
large institutions with more than $250 billion in assets; 39 percent mid-tier
institutions with $50-250 billion in assets; and 34 percent small-tier
institutions with less than $50 billion in assets. To download a copy of NICE
Actimize’s 2025 EMEA Fraud report, please click here. About NICE Actimize As a
global leader in artificial intelligence, platform services, and cloud
solutions, NICE Actimize excels in preventing fraud, detecting financial crime,
and supporting regulatory compliance. Over 1,000 organizations across more than
70 countries trust NICE Actimize to protect their institutions and safeguard
assets throughout the entire customer lifecycle. With NICE Actimize, customers
gain deeper insights and mitigate risks. Learn more at www.niceactimize.com.
About NICE With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it’s never been easier for organizations of
all sizes around the globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while
meeting key business metrics. Featuring the world’s #1 cloud native customer
experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-
service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over
25,000 organizations in more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the
Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every
customer interaction. www.nice.com Corporate Media Contact Cindy Morgan-Olson,
+1 646 408 5896, media@nice.com, ET Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354,
ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark
Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NICE Ltd.
All other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of
NICE’s marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking
Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term
is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
forward-looking statements, including the statements by Mr. Costigan, are based
on the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE
Ltd. (the “Company”). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be
identified by terms such as “believe,” “expect,” “seek,” “may,” “will,”
“intend,” “should,” “project,” “anticipate,” “plan,” “estimate,” or similar
words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the Company
to differ materially from those described herein, including but not limited to
the impact of changes in economic and business conditions; competition;
successful execution of the Company’s growth strategy; success and growth of the
Company’s cloud Software-as-a-Service business; changes in technology and market
requirements; decline in demand for the Company's products; inability to timely
develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; difficulties
in making additional acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and
integrating acquired operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of
market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution
arrangements; the Company’s dependency on third-party cloud computing platform
providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or
other security breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the
Middle East that may disrupt our business and the global economy; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.