SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 6-K REPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-16 OR 15D-16 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the month of April 2025 (Report No. 1) Commission File Number: 0-27466 NICE LTD.

| (Translation of Registrant's Name into English) |

13 Zarchin Street, P.O. Box 690, Ra'anana, Israel

| (Address of Principal Executive Offices) |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F. Form 20-F ☒Form 40-F ☐ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1): ____ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7): ____ CONTENTS This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein:

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

EXHIBIT INDEX This Report on Form 6-K of NICE consists of the following documents, which are attached hereto and incorporated by reference herein:

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-1.htm - EXHIBIT 99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

Exhibit 99.1 NICE Actimize X-Sight ActOne Platform Redefines Financial Crime
Investigations with Agentic AI NICE Actimize's Agentic AI harnesses advanced
Machine Learning, NLP, and GenAI to automate processes and engage human
oversight when essential . Hoboken, N.J., April 2, 2025 – NICE Actimize, a
NICE(NASDAQ: NICE) business,today announced the availability of the next
generation X-Sight ActOne which expands upon the robust and open architecture of
X-Sight with Agentic AI capabilities that are foundational to transforming fraud
and financial crime prevention programs. The Agentic AI capabilities orchestrate
all fraud and financial crime prevention workflows on a single platform. X-Sight
ActOne delivers a step change in the efficiency of financial crime prevention
programs, transforming current analysis to be predictive, proactive, and
automated. Leveraging access to billions of financial transactions daily and an
unmatched global perspective on confirmed fraud, money laundering, and trading
misconduct, NICE Actimize's Agentic AI capabilities deliver analytic precision
and investigator efficiency while supporting compliance with data privacy
regulations through robust encryption, access controls, and role-based
permissions. The latest Agentic AI capabilities are now available via X-Sight
ActOne's InvestigateAIwhich has the ability to understand financial institutions
policies and procedures guidelines, the reasoning to recognize the context of an
investigation and the agency to determine what data, data sources and Actimize-
curated risk signals to leverage for accurate and fast decisioning. Investigate
AI currently reduces investigation time by 50% or more. Other capabilities of
embedded Agentic-AI include:
                                                                                
  •  Applying natural language processing (NLP) on a financial institution's    
     policy and procedures to autonomously craft an investigation plan.         
                                                                                
                                                                                
  •  Reasoning to understand the context of an investigation and execute upon   
     the plan.                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
  •  Agency to inject real-time data including transactional data, CRM, and     
     external sources.                                                          
                                                                                
                                                                              
  •  Learning capabilities to become even more effective with continued use.  
                                                                              
                                                                                
  •  Ability to be trained to act upon many tasks and reverse prompt to engage  
     humans when necessary.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
  •  Explainability of AI insights and actions needed for full transparency     
     and confidence for analysts and auditors.                                  
                                                                                
"NICE Actimize's Agentic AI significantly enriches our X-Sight platform and our
portfolio of solutions delivering exceptional value throughout the financial
crime ecosystem. By harnessing advanced Machine Learning, NLP, and GenAI,
X-Sight ActOne automates processes, engaging human oversight only when
essential. This empowers financial institutions to scale operations and realize
transformative cost and labor efficiencies," stated Craig Costigan, CEO, NICE
Actimize. "As criminal sophistication and regulatory demands intensify,
financial services firms must strive to transform their financial crime
operations and embrace technologies that drive both efficiency and
effectiveness," noted Chuck Subrt, Head of Fraud & AML at Datos Insights.
"Technologies such as NICE Actimize's Agentic AI enable organizations to move
beyond traditional approaches and empower their investigators to focus on what
they do best – apply human judgement to analysis and complex decision-making."
The X-Sight ActOne platform was developed for trust and transparency. Equipped
with AI and advanced analytics, the platform delivers outcomes and empowers
investigators with the intelligence required for swift, accurate, and efficient
investigations. Every AI insight is traceable to its underlying data points, and
all actions are accessible to users and auditors providing a clear rationale for
each decision. Please visit our website herefor further information on NICE
Actimize's Agentic AI capabilities. About NICE Actimize As a global leader in
artificial intelligence, platform services, and cloud solutions, NICE Actimize
excels in preventing fraud, detecting financial crime, and supporting regulatory
compliance. Over 1,000 organizations across more than 70 countries trust NICE
Actimize to protect their institutions and safeguard assets throughout the
entire customer lifecycle. With NICE Actimize, customers gain deeper insights
and mitigate risks. Learn more at www.niceactimize.com . About NICE With NICE
(Nasdaq: NICE), it's never been easier for organizations of all sizes around the
globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key business
metrics. Featuring the world's #1 cloud native customer experience platform,
CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted
CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over 25,000 organizations in
more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies, partner
with NICE to transform - and elevate - every customer interaction. www.nice.com
Corporate Media Contact Cindy Morgan-Olson, +1 646 408 5896, media@nice.com, ET
Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763
0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or
registered trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their
respective owners. For a full list of NICE's marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press release
contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements,
including the statements by Mr. Costigan are based on the current beliefs,
expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the "Company"). In
some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as
"believe," "expect," "seek," "may," "will," "intend," "should," "project,"
"anticipate," "plan," "estimate," or similar words. Forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual
results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those described
herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic and
business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company's growth
strategy; success and growth of the Company's cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company's dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-2.htm - EXHIBIT 99.2 - Type: EX-99.2

Exhibit 99.2 Hidalgo County Criminal District Attorney's Office Digitally
Transforms Evidence Management with NICE Justice DA's Office for one of the most
populous counties in Texas will deploy NICE's AI-powered solution to ensure
justice gets done Hoboken, N.J., April 3, 2025 – NICE(Nasdaq: NICE)today
announced that the Hidalgo County Criminal District Attorney's Office has
selected NICE Justice, one of the AI-powered solutions in NICE's
Evidencentralplatform, to digitally transform evidence management, move cases
through the justice system faster, and ensure justice gets done. With
approximately one million residents, Hidalgo County is one of the most populous
counties in Texas. The cloud-based NICE Justice solution will digitally
transform how attorneys and office staff receive, interact with, manage and
share digital evidence. Freed from dealing with discs, drives, emails, and
logging into multiple systems to manage and prepare evidence, attorneys and
staff can focus on building and presenting compelling cases. NICE Justice also
features built-in AI and automation capabilities for object detection, automated
case building, video and audio transcription and translation, optical character
recognition (OCR), analytics and finding evidence connections. Additionally,
NICE Justice enables customizable retention of case evidence in a cloud-based
solution that is both scalable and secure. Hidalgo County Criminal District
Attorney Terry Palacios,said, "The Hidalgo County District Attorney's Office is
dedicated to seeking the truth and ensuring justice gets done, to giving victims
a voice and prosecuting offenders vigorously and fairly. Digital evidence is
essential to this mission, but without a system in place to manage our growing
digital evidence intake, trial preparation, and comply with discovery
obligations, staff can get overwhelmed. With our investment in NICE Justice,
we're leading the way in digitally transforming evidence management, to move
cases through the justice system faster, and ensure defendants' due process
rights are protected through thorough and timely discovery." Chris Wooten,
Executive Vice President, NICE,commented, "The manual work of managing digital
evidence can slow the pace of justice. Powered by AI, analytics and workflow
automation, NICE Justice removes the manual hurdles involved in managing digital
evidence, so attorneys can focus on building cases, and get the complete view of
the truth that justice demands." With a substantial criminal caseload of 24,000
to 30,000 cases annually, ranging from Class 'B' Misdemeanors to Capital Felony
offenses, the Hidalgo County District Attorney's office receives evidence from
more than 25 different law enforcement agencies. There is no uniform format or
method for submitting evidence and most of it arrives on discs and thumb drives,
without needed video players. The office also needs to comply with discovery
mandates to share evidence with defense counsel which increases staff workload
significantly. The cumbersome process of downloading, uploading and copying
digital evidence is repeated thousands of times every week. NICE Justice
simplifies and streamlines evidence intake by providing a single, secure online
portal for law enforcement agencies to share digital evidence. Uploaded evidence
is automatically organized in NICE Justice digital case folders in the cloud to
jumpstart case-building. With complete digital evidence consolidated in one
place, and the ability to view video and other evidence chronologically on
timelines, NICE Justice makes it easy to discover all the facts of a case, to
ensure that victims' rights are protected. NICE Justice also features integrated
tools to streamline trial preparation, such as the ability to create video
clips, redact evidence, and transcribe and translate audio. The solution also
provides a secure, seamless and fully trackable method for sharing discovery
with defense attorneys, eliminating the need to manually copy evidence onto CDs
and disks. To learn more about NICE's digital transformation solutions for
Public Safety and Justice:
                                              
  •  Visit the NICE website byclicking here.  
                                              
                                                
  •  EmailPSInfo@NICE.comfor more information.  
                                                
About the Hidalgo County Criminal District Attorney's Office Under the
leadership of District Attorney Toribio "Terry" Palacios, the Hidalgo County
Criminal District Attorney's Office is dedicated to providing justice and
protecting the people of Hidalgo County, directly impacting the lives of
thousands of Hidalgo County families. With jurisdiction over all criminal cases,
the Office takes a holistic approach to justice to reduce recidivism. The
Office's various divisions are laser-focused on ensuring justice. The Office
participates in many events annually to promote awareness of key issues,
including human trafficking and domestic violence. Located in the Rio Grande
Valley on the US-Mexico border, Hidalgo County is one of the most populous
counties in Texas. More info at https://www.hidalgocounty.us/and
https://hidalgocountyda.com/. NICE Public Safety & Justice With over 3,000
customers and 30 years of experience, NICE helps all types of public safety and
criminal justice agencies, from emergency communications and law enforcement to
prosecutors and courts, digitally transform how they manage digital evidence and
data from beginning to end, to get to the truth faster. NICE's Evidencentral
platform features an ecosystem of integrated technologies that bring data
together to give a single view of the truth, enabling public safety and justice
agencies to do what they do better – whether it's responding to incidents,
investigating and building cases, or prosecuting crimes. With comprehensive
digital transformation solutions that can be deployed across entire counties and
states, NICE also helps everyone work better together, so justice flows more
smoothly, from incident to court. https://www.nicepublicsafety.com About NICE
With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it's never been easier for organizations of all sizes
around the globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key
business metrics. Featuring the world's #1 cloud native customer experience
platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-service and
agent-assisted CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over 25,000
organizations in more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100
companies, partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every customer
interaction. www.nice.com Corporate Media Contact Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1
201 561 4442, media@nice.com, ET Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354,
ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark
Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NICE Ltd.
All other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of
NICE's marks, please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking
Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term
is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
forward-looking statements, including the statements by Mr. Wooten, are based on
the current beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd.
(the "Company"). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be
identified by terms such as "believe," "expect," "seek," "may," "will,"
"intend," "should," "project," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," or similar
words. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties that could cause the actual results or performance of the Company
to differ materially from those described herein, including but not limited to
the impact of changes in economic and business conditions; competition;
successful execution of the Company's growth strategy; success and growth of the
Company's cloud Software-as-a-Service business; changes in technology and market
requirements; decline in demand for the Company's products; inability to timely
develop and introduce new technologies, products and applications; difficulties
in making additional acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and
integrating acquired operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of
market share; an inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution
arrangements; the Company's dependency on third-party cloud computing platform
providers, hosting facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or
other security breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in
currency exchange rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax
liabilities resulting from our global operations, the effect of unexpected
events or geo-political conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the
Middle East that may disrupt our business and the global economy; the effect of
newly enacted or modified laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our
products and various other factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more
detailed description of the risk factors and uncertainties affecting the
company, refer to the Company's reports filed from time to time with the SEC,
including the Company's Annual Report on Form 20-F. The forward-looking
statements contained in this press release are made as of the date of this press
release, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise them,
except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-3.htm - EXHIBIT 99.3 - Type: EX-99.3

Exhibit 99.3 NICE Actimize Introduces Xceed AI Agents for Faster, Smarter Fraud
and FinCrime Prevention As part of its Xceed AI FRAML solutions, these advanced
AI agents are specialized in critical areas of fraud detection and AML
compliance Hoboken, N.J., April 7, 2025 – NICE Actimize, a NICE(NASDAQ: NICE)
business,today announced the availability of powerful Xceed AI agents to be
embedded into Xceed AI FRAML solutions. Xceed AI agents, operating as partners,
continuously learn and adapt to evolving threats while specializing in the
critical functional areas within AML, fraud detection, and compliance. The
result is a workforce where human analysts and AI collaborate seamlessly,
tackling financial crime smarter, faster, and better than before. Xceed AI
agents are designed to combat fraud and financial crime, integrating seamlessly
into workflows to identify emerging risks and reduce operational strain. Their
capabilities range from learning and automating basic work routines and
improving detection to decisioning with analysts in the loop. These advanced AI
agents, powered by Xceed AI's intelligence and fraud and financial crime
expertise, automate key workflows such as alert triage, backlog categorization,
and high-risk case summarization. With conversational adaptability, advanced
clustering, they enhance analyst workflows, reduce false positives, and provide
contextual, real-time recommendations for more effective fraud and financial
crime detection and management. "Bad actors are not only exploiting the
accessibility of modern banking but also leveraging AI and generative AI to
accelerate and enhance the sophistication of their schemes," explained Craig
Costigan, CEO, NICE Actimize. "This has dramatically increased the pace and
complexity of detecting fraud and financial crime, leaving financial
institutions (FIs) overwhelmed by rising alert volumes and false positives.
Xceed AI agents represent a new paradigm for financial institutions empowering
them to think bigger, act faster, and stay ahead of the curve in a world that
demands constant vigilance and adaptability." Among NICE Actimize's Xceed AI
agents additional specializations are its abilities to:
                                                                                
     Transform FRAML (Fraud and AML):Detecting threats at transaction           
  •  speed with advanced machine learning and built-in financial crime          
     intelligence.                                                              
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Provide AI-Driven Alert Optimization:Automating tasks like                 
  •  triage, backlog categorization, and high-risk case summarization to        
     streamline operations.                                                     
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Drive Collaborative AI Investigations:Enhancing workflows with             
  •  closed-loop learning, refining detection models, and providing actionable  
     insights while keeping analysts in control.                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Reduce False Positives:Leveraging advanced segmentation and                
  •  automated entity creation for precise monitoring and efficient alert       
     management.                                                                
                                                                                
                                                                                
     Increase Analyst Productivity:Assisting multi-step                         
  •  investigations with CoPilot tools, automating tasks, and recommending      
     next actions for smarter decision-making.                                  
                                                                                
Powered by advanced AI, machine learning, and generative AI, NICE Actimize's
Xceed AI FRAML unifies fraud detection and AML compliance into a seamless SaaS
platform. Tailored for ease of use, speed, and efficiency, it helps institutions
stay ahead of fraud and financial crime empowering analysts to focus on high-
value decisions while ensuring robust regulatory compliance and real-time fraud
detection. Please visit our website herefor further information on NICE Actimize
AI-guided agents and capabilities. About NICE Actimize As a global leader in
artificial intelligence, platform services, and cloud solutions, NICE Actimize
excels in preventing fraud, detecting financial crime, and supporting regulatory
compliance. Over 1,000 organizations across more than 70 countries trust NICE
Actimize to protect their institutions and safeguard assets throughout the
entire customer lifecycle. With NICE Actimize, customers gain deeper insights
and mitigate risks. Learn more at www.niceactimize.com . About NICE With NICE
(Nasdaq: NICE), it's never been easier for organizations of all sizes around the
globe to create extraordinary customer experiences while meeting key business
metrics. Featuring the world's #1 cloud native customer experience platform,
CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted
CX software for the contact center – and beyond. Over 25,000 organizations in
more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies, partner
with NICE to transform - and elevate - every customer interaction. www.nice.com
Corporate Media Contact Cindy Morgan-Olson, +1 646 408 5896, media@nice.com, ET
Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com, ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763
0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark Note:NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or
registered trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their
respective owners. For a full list of NICE's marks, please see:
www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press release
contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements,
including the statements by Mr. Costigan are based on the current beliefs,
expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the "Company"). In
some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by terms such as
"believe," "expect," "seek," "may," "will," "intend," "should," "project,"
"anticipate," "plan," "estimate," or similar words. Forward-looking statements
are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual
results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those described
herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic and
business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company's growth
strategy; success and growth of the Company's cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company's dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-4.htm - EXHIBIT 99.4 - Type: EX-99.4

Exhibit 99.4 NICE Actimize Recognized as a Leader in Anti-Money Laundering
Solutions Report with Highest Scores Possible in All Ten Criteria within Current
Offering Category NICE Actimize received the highest possible scores in 14
criteria including data integration, watchlist
management and screening, and case management Hoboken, N.J., April 8, 2025 –
NICE Actimize, a NICE(NASDAQ: NICE) business, today announced that it has been
recognized as a Leader in Anti-Money Laundering solutions by Forrester Research,
a leading global research and advisory firm. The analyst firm included NICE
Actimize among the most significant vendors in the market, in its recent report
titled, "The Forrester Wave(TM): Anti-Money Laundering Solutions, Q2 2025." NICE
Actimize received the highest possible scores across all ten criteria within the
current offering category. The current offering criteria receiving these scores
were AI/ML based risk scoring, data integration, administrator management,
watchlist management and screening, rules-based risk scoring and alerting,
support for transaction types, queue definitions and alert routing, case
management, 3 rdparty integrations, and reporting. NICE Actimize also received
highest scores possible in the Forrester evaluation in the vision, adoption,
pricing flexibility and transparency and community criteria within the strategy
category. "Forrester's take," according to the report was, "The solution is a
great fit for enterprises looking for a combined AML and fraud management
(FRAML) solution on-premises or in the cloud." Commenting on NICE Actimize's
overall product strategy, the report noted, "NICE Actimize excels in migrating
its offerings to the cloud. Its use of genAI across all areas for AML and its
collaboration with global regulators…elevate the vendor's vision above others.
Strong adoption-boosting strategies include ongoing free health checks and
model/library updates." With respect to its solutions capabilities, the
Forrester report stated, "Data integration capabilities, schema setup and
mapping both use genAI and are intuitive. Its rules-based transaction risk
scoring is powerful and ahead of the competition. Data scientists can choose
from a catalog of built in, productized AI and (machine learning) ML risk-
scoring models for transaction monitoring." "We have significantly invested in
our solutions roadmap to offer the most advanced AML solutions available on the
market today, including advanced and generative AI, and we will continue to
innovate in these technologies," said Craig Costigan, CEO, NICE Actimize. "We
are honored that Forrester recognizes us as a leader in its 2025 anti-money
laundering solutions report." To access a complimentary copy of "The Forrester
Wave(TM): Anti-Money Laundering Solutions, Q2 2025 ," please visit this page
here. Forrester does not endorse any company, product, brand, or service
included in its research publications and does not advise any person to select
the products or services of any company or brand based on the ratings included
in such publications. Information is based on the best available resources.
Opinions reflect judgment at the time and are subject to change. For more
information, read about Forrester's objectivity here. Additional assets:
                                                                                
  •  For more information on NICE Actimize's Anti-Money Laundering solutions,   
     pleaseclick here.                                                          
                                                                                
About NICE Actimize As a global leader in artificial intelligence, platform
services, and cloud solutions, NICE Actimize excels in preventing fraud,
detecting financial crime, and supporting regulatory compliance. Over 1,000
organizations across more than 70 countries trust NICE Actimize to protect their
institutions and safeguard assets throughout the entire customer lifecycle. With
NICE Actimize, customers gain deeper insights and mitigate risks. Learn more at
www.niceactimize.com . About NICE With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it's never been
easier for organizations of all sizes around the globe to create extraordinary
customer experiences while meeting key business metrics. Featuring the world's
#1 cloud native customer experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader
in AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center
– and beyond. Over 25,000 organizations in more than 150 countries, including
over 85 of the Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to transform - and
elevate - every customer interaction. www.nice.com, Corporate Media Contact:
Cindy Morgan-Olson, +1 646 408 5896, NICE Actimize, cindy.morgan-
olson@niceactimize.com, ET Investors Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com,
ET Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com ,CET Trademark Note:NICE and the
NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of NICE Ltd. All other marks
are trademarks of their respective owners. For a full list of NICE's marks,
please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks. Forward-Looking Statements This press
release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined in the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Costigan, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
"Company"). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as "believe," "expect," "seek," "may," "will," "intend," "should,"
"project," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic
and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company's
growth strategy; success and growth of the Company's cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company's dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-5.htm - EXHIBIT 99.5 - Type: EX-99.5

Exhibit 99.5                                  
                                                                                
           NICE Named a Leader in CCaaS by Independent Research Firm            
                                                                                
NICE recognized as a Leader for CXone Mpower, receiving the highest scores in 17
                         criteria and top ranked in the                         
                                                                                
                               Strategy category                                
Hoboken, N.J., April 10, 2025 – NICE(Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that NICE has
been recognized as a Leader in Contact Center as a Service by Forrester
Research. The
      Forrester Wave(TM): Contact-Center-As-A-Service (CCaaS) Platforms, Q2 2025
report identifies NICE among the most significant cloud contact center platforms
in the market.

For a copy of the report, click here .

"The NICE CXone Mpower platform provides the broadest capability set in the
industry with leading CCaaS, workforce management (WFM), and
      analytics capabilities. The company uses its broad product functionality
and significant resources to bring value to many brands on a global scale,"
according to the report, authored by
                                                                                
  Max Ball, Vice President and Principal Analyst                                
                                                                                
,
                                                                                
  Forrester                                                                     
                                                                                
.

For companies seeking a cloud contact center provider,
        Forrester's independent research provides in-depth analysis and insights
to aid in the decision-making process. The Forrester report states, "NICE is a
best fit
        for brands looking for a proven solution with broad capabilities and a
strong track record of success."

NICE received the highest possible scores in 17 criteria, including Innovation,
Agent Assist Tools, Agent Desktop & Workflow
      Automation, CRM/Back-End System Integration, Roadmap and Scalability and
Reliability.

The report states, "NICE enjoys a significant market presence, strong revenue
streams, and good fiscal management to enable continued
      leadership with its roadmap and approach to innovation."

"To us, this report showcases NICE's leadership as a leading AI platform for
customer service," said
                                                                                
  Barry Cooper, President, CX Division, NICE                                    
                                                                                
. "Enterprises are no longer willing to settle for disconnected AI solutions
that don't deliver real business impact. With CXone
      Mpower, we've built AI into the core of the platform, enabling seamless
orchestration across every channel and touchpoint. This isn't about partial
fixes—it's about driving true, end-to-end automation that transforms how
businesses operate and
      delivers measurable outcomes that cut costs and elevate customer service."

Forrester does not endorse any company,
        product, brand, or service included in its research publications and
does not advise any person to select the products or services of any company or
brand based on the ratings included in such publications. Information is based
on the best
        available resources. Opinions reflect judgment at the time and are
subject to change. For more information, read about Forrester's objectivity here
.
                                                                                
  About NICE                                                                    
                                                                                
With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it's never been easier for organizations of all sizes
around the globe to create extraordinary customer
      experiences while meeting key business metrics. Featuring the world's #1
cloud native customer experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in
AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center –
and beyond. Over
      25,000 organizations in more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the
Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every
customer interaction. www.nice.com
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com , ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com , ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com , CET

Trademark Note: NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks
of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a
full list of NICE's marks,
      please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks .
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Cooper, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
"Company"). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as "believe," "expect," "seek," "may," "will," "intend," "should,"
"project," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic
and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company's
growth strategy; success and growth of the Company's cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company's dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.

---

### Attachment: exhibit_99-6.htm - EXHIBIT 99.6 - Type: EX-99.6

Exhibit 99.6                                                                  
                                                                                
                                                                                
                NICE Named Leader In 2025 Aragon Research Globe                 
                                                                                
                                                                                
                                       TM                                       
                                                                                
                                                                                
                           for AI Agent Platforms in                            
                                                                                
                                                                                
                         the Intelligent Contact Center                         
                                                                                
CXone Mpower highlighted for delivering true end-to-end workflow automation for 
                                customer service                                
Hoboken, N.J., April 17, 2025 – NICE(Nasdaq: NICE) today announced that it has
been named a
      Leader in the 2025 Aragon Research Globe
                                                                                
  TM                                                                            
                                                                                
for AI Agent Platforms in the Intelligent Contact Center report. The Globe
identified NICE for its strengths, notably its CXone
                                                                                
  Mpower                                                                        
                                                                                
AI platform orchestrating customer service workflows, agents and knowledge at
impressive scale and precision driving predictive, proactive and personalized
interactions. NICE recently introduced CXone
                                                                                
  Mpower Orchestrator                                                           
                                                                                
, a groundbreaking solution that leverages AI to proactively analyze, optimize
and automate customer-service workflows for high-value use cases
      across both front-office care and back-office operations. It reduces costs
and delivers rapid resolutions from intent to closure.

Aragon also acknowledged NICE's global partner ecosystem as another strength.
NICE's partner ecosystem is powered by customer-inspired
      partnerships. As customers push for faster, scalable outcomes, NICE aligns
its partnership strategies to meet these demands. With a broad network of
partners, NICE can quickly identify the right ones to drive success, ensuring it
meets evolving
      customer needs with speed and precision.

Aragon Research analysts evaluated 21 providers in the market and the growing
use cases for virtual agents in the Contact Center.

"AI Agent Platforms are transforming contact centers, enabling them to deliver
better customer service and boost efficiency." said
                                                                                
  Jim Lundy, Founder and CEO of Aragon Research                                 
                                                                                
. "NICE's approach to distinguish itself includes its partner ecosystem and
ability to automate complex
      workflows and deliver predictive, proactive, and personalized
interactions."
                                                                                
  Barry Cooper, President, CX Division, NICE                                    
                                                                                
, said, "Businesses have made it clear that they need a CX platform that
supports and optimizes all the ways consumers and organizations interact. I
believe being named a Leader in Aragon Research's AI Agent Platforms in the
Intelligent
      Contact Center Globe TM is an indicator of CXone Mpower's ability to unite
human and AI agents on its single, AI platform. CXone Mpower is driving a new
wave of productivity, efficiency, and innovation across every service
touchpoint."
Aragon Research does not endorse vendors, or their products or services that are
referenced in its research publications, and does not
      advise users to select those vendors that are rated the highest. Aragon
Research publications consist of the opinions of Aragon Research and Advisory
Services organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Aragon
Research provides
      its research publications and the information contained in them "AS IS,"
without warranty of any kind.
                                                                                
  About NICE                                                                    
                                                                                
With NICE (Nasdaq: NICE), it's never been easier for organizations of all sizes
around the globe to create extraordinary customer
      experiences while meeting key business metrics. Featuring the world's #1
cloud native customer experience platform, CXone, NICE is a worldwide leader in
AI-powered self-service and agent-assisted CX software for the contact center –
and beyond. Over
      25,000 organizations in more than 150 countries, including over 85 of the
Fortune 100 companies, partner with NICE to transform - and elevate - every
customer interaction. www.nice.com
                                                                                
  Corporate Media Contact                                                       
                                                                                
Christopher Irwin-Dudek, +1 201 561 4442, media@nice.com , ET
                                                                                
  Investors                                                                     
                                                                                
Marty Cohen, +1 551 256 5354, ir@nice.com , ET

Omri Arens, +972 3 763 0127, ir@nice.com , CET

Trademark Note: NICE and the NICE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks
of NICE Ltd. All other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. For a
full list of NICE's marks,
      please see: www.nice.com/nice-trademarks .
                                                                                
  Forward-Looking Statements                                                    
                                                                                
This press release contains forward-looking statements as that term is defined
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking
statements, including the statements by Mr. Cooper, are based on the current
beliefs, expectations and assumptions of the management of NICE Ltd. (the
"Company"). In some cases, such forward-looking statements can be identified by
terms such as "believe," "expect," "seek," "may," "will," "intend," "should,"
"project," "anticipate," "plan," "estimate," or similar words. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
the actual results or performance of the Company to differ materially from those
described herein, including but not limited to the impact of changes in economic
and business conditions; competition; successful execution of the Company's
growth strategy; success and growth of the Company's cloud Software-as-a-Service
business; changes in technology and market requirements; decline in demand for
the Company's products; inability to timely develop and introduce new
technologies, products and applications; difficulties in making additional
acquisitions or difficulties or delays in absorbing and integrating acquired
operations, products, technologies and personnel; loss of market share; an
inability to maintain certain marketing and distribution arrangements; the
Company's dependency on third-party cloud computing platform providers, hosting
facilities and service partners; cyber security attacks or other security
breaches against the Company; privacy concerns; changes in currency exchange
rates and interest rates, the effects of additional tax liabilities resulting
from our global operations, the effect of unexpected events or geo-political
conditions, such as the impact of conflicts in the Middle East that may disrupt
our business and the global economy; the effect of newly enacted or modified
laws, regulation or standards on the Company and our products and various other
factors and uncertainties discussed in our filings with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). For a more detailed description of the risk
factors and uncertainties affecting the company, refer to the Company's reports
filed from time to time with the SEC, including the Company's Annual Report on
Form 20-F. The forward-looking statements contained in this press release are
made as of the date of this press release, and the Company undertakes no
obligation to update or revise them, except as required by law.