UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 DATE OF REPORT (DATE OF EARLIEST EVENT REPORTED) December 8, 2025 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

| DELAWARE                                       |     | 001-14905               |     | 47-0813844                          |
| (STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION) |     | -COMMISSION FILE NUMBER |     | -I.R.S. EMPLOYER IDENTIFICATION NO. |

| 3555 Farnam Street Omaha, Nebraska       |     |     68131 |
| (ADDRESS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICES) |     | -ZIP CODE |

(402) 346-1400 REGISTRANT’S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

| ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) |

| ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class          |     | Trading 
 Symbols |     | Name of each exchange   
 on which registered     |
| Class A Common Stock         |     | BRK.A   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| Class B Common Stock         |     | BRK.B   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 1.125% Senior Notes due 2027 |     | BRK27   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 2.150% Senior Notes due 2028 |     | BRK28   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 1.500% Senior Notes due 2030 |     | BRK30   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 2.000% Senior Notes due 2034 |     | BRK34   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 1.625% Senior Notes due 2035 |     | BRK35   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 2.375% Senior Notes due 2039 |     | BRK39   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 0.500% Senior Notes due 2041 |     | BRK41   |     | New York Stock Exchange |
| 2.625% Senior Notes due 2059 |     | BRK59   |     | New York Stock Exchange |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

| ITEM 5.02 | Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers. |

b) On December 8, 2025, Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (“Berkshire”) announced that Marc D. Hamburg, Berkshire’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will retire from Berkshire on June 1, 2027. Mr. Hamburg will resign as Berkshire’s Chief Financial Officer on June 1, 2026 and work with his replacement from that date until his retirement on June 1, 2027 to ensure a smooth and seamless transition. c) On December 8, 2025, Berkshire announced that Mr. Charles C. Chang, age 57, will succeed Mr. Hamburg as Berkshire’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on June 1, 2026. Mr. Chang has been Berkshire Hathaway Energy’s (“BHE”) Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since joining BHE on October 1, 2024. Prior to joining BHE, Mr. Chang had been a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers since 2002. There are no family relationships between Mr. Chang and any of Berkshire’s directors or executive officers. Since Mr. Chang joined BHE there have been no transactions between Mr. Chang and Berkshire in which the amount involved exceeded $120,000 and in which Mr. Chang had a material financial interest. The details regarding Mr. Chang’s compensation arrangements have not been finalized. Berkshire will disclose such information in an amendment to this Form 8-Konce such information is finalized. On December 8, 2025, Berkshire issued a press release announcing certain leadership changes including the changes reported above. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1.

| ITEM 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits |

| Exhibit 99.1 |     | Press release issued by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. dated December 8, 2025       |
|:-------------|:----|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Exhibit 104  |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). |

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| December 11, 2025 |     | BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC.                           |
|:------------------|:----|:--------------------------------------------------|
|                   |     | /s/ Marc D. Hamburg                               |
|                   |     | By: Marc D. Hamburg                               |
|                   |     | Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer |

---

### Attachment: d10933dex991.htm - EX-99.1 - Type: EX-99.1

EXHIBIT 99.1 BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC. Berkshire Hathaway Announces Leadership
Appointments
                                             
  FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE    December 8, 2025  
 ─────────────────────────────────────────── 
                                             
Omaha, NE (BRK.A; BRK.B) – Berkshire Hathaway Inc. today announced the following
leadership appointments across its non-insuranceand insurance operations, as
well as in corporate: Non-InsuranceOperations Adam M. Johnson, CEO of NetJets,
has been appointed President of the Consumer Products, Service and Retailing
businesses of Berkshire Hathaway, effective immediately, while continuing in his
role at NetJets. Mr. Johnson brings nearly three decades of experience at
NetJets, including 10 years as CEO, where he strengthened operations and built
enduring customer relationships across a global platform. “Adam is an
accomplished leader with a proven ability to deliver long-term shareholder
value,” said Gregory E. Abel, Vice Chairman – Non-InsuranceOperations. “In his
new role, he will support the outstanding CEOs of our 32 consumer products,
service and retailing businesses, and uphold Berkshire’s culture and values.”
The remaining non-insurancebusinesses – including industrial products, building
products, BNSF, Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Pilot and McLane – will remain under
Mr. Abel’s direct oversight as he assumes the role of President and CEO of
Berkshire Hathaway on January 1, 2026. Insurance Operations Nancy L. Pierce has
been appointed CEO of GEICO, effective immediately. Ms. Pierce currently serves
as Chief Operating Officer of GEICO and, since joining the company in 1986, has
held leadership roles across claims, underwriting, product management and
regional operations. “Nancy knows the business inside and out. She’s practical,
decisive and focused on results. I have full confidence in her ability to move
GEICO forward,” said Ajit Jain, Vice Chairman – Insurance Operations. As part of
this transition, Todd A. Combs will conclude his tenure at Berkshire Hathaway
and join JPMorgan Chase & Co., where he has served as a Director of its Board
since 2016. Warren E. Buffett, Berkshire’s Chairman, added: “Todd A. Combs, CEO
of GEICO since 2020, has resigned to accept an interesting and important job at
JPMorgan, which they describe in a press release that will be available very
soon on their website. Todd made many great hires at GEICO and broadened its
horizons. JPMorgan, as usually is the case, has made a good decision.”

Corporate

Chief Financial Officer

Marc D. Hamburg, Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will retire from Berkshire Hathaway
on June 1, 2027, after 40 years of service. Berkshire Hathaway extends its
gratitude to Mr. Hamburg for his exceptional leadership and dedication since
joining
the company in 1987.

“Marc has been indispensable to Berkshire and to me. His integrity and judgment
are priceless. He has done more for this
company than many of our shareholders will ever know,” said Mr. Buffett. “His
impact has been extraordinary.”

Charles C. Chang
will succeed him as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of
Berkshire Hathaway, effective June 1, 2026. Mr. Hamburg and Mr. Chang will work
together to ensure a smooth and seamless transition period. Mr. Chang will
be based in Omaha. He currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer of Berkshire Hathaway Energy, a role he has held since 2024.
Prior to joining Berkshire Hathaway Energy, Mr. Chang was a partner at
PricewaterhouseCoopers. He has more than three decades of experience in public
company financial reporting and mergers and acquisitions, serving some of
PricewaterhouseCoopers’s largest clients.

General Counsel

Michael J. O’Sullivan has
been appointed Senior Vice President and General Counsel, effective January 1,
2026. He will also be based in Omaha. Mr. O’Sullivan joins Berkshire Hathaway
from Snap Inc., where he has served as general counsel since 2017.
Previously, he practiced law at Munger, Tolles & Olson for more than two
decades, advising companies on corporate governance matters, litigation and
mergers and acquisitions.

His appointment marks the creation of a new position at Berkshire Hathaway,
which has for decades primarily utilized external legal counsel for corporate
matters.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

These
leadership appointments reflect Berkshire Hathaway’s practice of selecting
leaders who are stewards of the company’s culture, demonstrate strong business
acumen and judgment and enable Berkshire’s distinctive way of operating.
Berkshire remains well positioned for the future.

About Berkshire

Berkshire Hathaway and its subsidiaries engage in diverse business activities
including insurance and reinsurance, utilities and energy, freight rail
transportation, manufacturing, services and retailing. Common stock of the
company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, trading symbols BRK.A and
BRK.B.

Cautionary Statement

Certain statements contained in this press release are “forward looking”
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform
Act of 1995. These statements are not guaranties of future performance and
actual results may differ materially from those forecasted.

— END —

Contact

Marc D. Hamburg

402-346-1400

---

### Attachment: R1.htm - IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT - Type: HTML

Document and Entity Information                              Dec. 08, 2025  
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Entity Registrant Name                              BERKSHIRE HATHAWAY INC  
  Entity Incorporation State Country Code                                 DE  
  Amendment Flag                                                       false  
  Entity Central Index Key                                        0001067983  
  Document Type                                                          8-K  
  Document Period End Date                                   Dec.  08,  2025  
  Entity File Number                                               001-14905  
  Entity Tax Identification Number                                47-0813844  
  Entity Address, Address Line One                        3555 Farnam Street  
  Entity Address, City or Town                                         Omaha  
  Entity Address, State or Province                                       NE  
  Entity Address, Postal Zip Code                                      68131  
  City Area Code                                                        -402  
  Local Phone Number                                                346-1400  
  Written Communications                                               false  
  Soliciting Material                                                  false  
  Pre Commencement Tender Offer                                        false  
  Pre Commencement Issuer Tender Offer                                 false  
  Entity Emerging Growth Company                                       false  
  Class 160 A Common Stock [Member]                                           
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                                    Class A Common Stock  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK.A  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  Class 160 B Common Stock [Member]                                           
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                                    Class B Common Stock  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK.B  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 1.125 Senior Notes Due 2027 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            1.125% Senior Notes due 2027  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK27  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 2.150 Senior Notes Due 2028 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            2.150% Senior Notes due 2028  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK28  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 1.500 Senior Notes Due 2030 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            1.500% Senior Notes due 2030  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK30  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 2.000 Senior Notes Due 2034 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            2.000% Senior Notes due 2034  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK34  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 1.625 Senior Notes Due 2035 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            1.625% Senior Notes due 2035  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK35  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 2.375 Senior Notes Due 2039 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            2.375% Senior Notes due 2039  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK39  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 0.500 Senior Notes Due 2041 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            0.500% Senior Notes due 2041  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK41  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE  
  M 2.625 Senior Notes Due 2059 [Member]                                      
  Document And Entity Information [Line Items]                                
  Security 12b Title                            2.625% Senior Notes due 2059  
  Trading Symbol                                                       BRK59  
  Security Exchange Name                                                NYSE