UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 8-K CURRENT REPORT Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 13, 2026 Commission File Number 0-25346 ACI WORLDWIDE, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

| Delaware                          |     | 47-0772104         |
| (State or other jurisdiction      
 of incorporation or organization) |     | -I.R.S. Employer   
 Identification No. |

| 6060 Coventry Drive Elkhorn, Nebraska    |     |     68022 |
| (Address of Principal Executive Offices) |     | -Zip Code |

(402) 390-7600 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-Kfiling is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

| ☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425) |

| ☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |

| ☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class            |     | Trading   
 Symbol(s) |     | Name of each exchange       
 on which registered         |
| Common Stock, $0.005 par value |     | ACIW      |     | Nasdaq Global Select Market |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2of this chapter). Emerging growth company ☐ If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

#### Item 5.02. Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.On January 13, 2026, ACI Worldwide, Inc. (the “Company”) and Abe Kuruvilla, the Company’s Chief Technology Officer, agreed that Mr. Kuruvilla’s employment will cease January 15, 2026. Mr. Kuruvilla will be eligible for severance and medical continuation benefits under the Company’s existing severance policy. On January 13, 2026, JP Krishnamoorthy, the Company’s Chief Innovation and Technology Officer assumed Mr. Kuruvilla’s responsibilities.Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.(d) Exhibits.The following exhibit is filed with this report on Form8-K:Exhibit No.Description104Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)
SIGNATURE Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

| Date: January 14, 2026 |     | By: | ACI WORLDWIDE, INC. (Registrant) | /s/ DENNIS P. BYRNES                         |
|:-----------------------|:----|:----|:---------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------|
|                        |     |     |                                  | Dennis P. Byrnes                             |
|                        |     |     |                                  | Executive Vice President and General Counsel |