### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### Washington, D.C. 20549
<div align='center'>______________________________________________________________________________</div>

#### FORM 8-K
<div align='center'>______________________________________________________________________________</div>

### CURRENT REPORT

#### PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE

#### SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
<div align='center'>Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 10, 2025

______________________________________________________________________________</div>

#### Cactus, Inc.
<div align='center'>(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

______________________________________________________________________________</div>

| Delaware                                       |     | 001-38390               |     | 35-2586106                          |
| (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) |     | -Commission File Number |     | -I.R.S. Employer Identification No. |

#### 920 Memorial City Way, Suite 300

#### Houston, Texas 77024
<div align='center'>(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

( 713) 626-8800

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)

______________________________________________________________________________</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                   |     | Trading Symbol(s) |     | Name of each exchange on which registered |
| Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 |     | WHD               |     | New York Stock Exchange                   |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

### Page 1 {#page-1}

#### Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.
Management of Cactus, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), anticipates participating in, and presenting at, upcoming meetings with certain investors. Attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K is a copy of the materials to be used in connection with such presentations and meetings. The materials have been posted on the Investors section of the Company's website, at www.CactusWHD.com.

The information in this Item 7.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished, and shall not be deemed to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

#### Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.

| Exhibit 
 No.     |     | Description                                                                 |
| 99.1    |     | Cactus, Inc. November 2025 Investor Presentation                            |
| 104     |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) |

### Page 2 {#page-2}

### Signatures
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| November 10, 2025 |     | Cactus, Inc. 
 By:          |     | /s/ Jay A. Nutt                                                 |
|:------------------|:----|:-------------|:----|:----------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date              |     | Name:        |     | Jay A. Nutt                                                     |
|                   |     | Title:       |     | Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer |

### Page 3 {#page-3}