### UNITED STATES

### SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

#### Washington, D.C. 20549

#### FORM 8-K

### CURRENT REPORT
<div align='center'>Pursuant to Section 13 OR 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): November 6, 2025</div>

#### THE TRADE DESK, INC.
<div align='center'>(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)</div>

| Nevada                       |     | 001-37879   |     | 27-1887399         |
| (State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation)            |     | -Commission 
 File Number |     | -I.R.S. Employer   
 Identification No. |

#### 42 N. Chestnut Street

#### Ventura, California 93001
<div align='center'>(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

( 805) 585-3434

(Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)</div>

#### Not Applicable
<div align='center'>(Former name or former address, if changed since last report.)</div>

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

| o |     | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)                  |
| o |     | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)                 |
| o |     | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b)) |
| o |     | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c)) |

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Title of each class                                 |     | Trading Symbol |     | Name of each exchange on which registered |
| Class A Common Stock, par value $0.000001 per share |     | TTD            |     | The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC               |

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

| Emerging growth company |     | ☐ |

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

### Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
On November 6, 2025, The Trade Desk, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing its financial results for the quarter ended September 30, 2025. A copy of the press release is furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Current Report on Form 8-K and Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto is intended to be furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

#### Item 8.01 Other Events.
On November 6, 2025, the Company issued a press release announcing that, in October 2025, the Company’s board of directors authorized and approved an additional $500 million under its share repurchase program pursuant to which the Company may purchase its outstanding Class A Common Stock, par value $0.000001 per share (the “Class A Common Stock”). A copy of the press release is being furnished as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of Class A Common Stock and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time at the discretion of the Company’s board of directors.

#### Forward-Looking Statements
This Current Report on Form 8-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements relating to the Company’s amount, timing and sources of funding for the share repurchase program. Any forward-looking statements contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K are based upon the Company’s historical performance and its current plans, estimates and expectations, and are not a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. These forward-looking statements represent the Company’s expectations as of the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K, and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, many of which are beyond the control of the Company, including changes in price and volume and the volatility of the Company’s Class A Common Stock, adverse developments affecting prices and trading of exchange-traded securities, including securities quoted on the Nasdaq Global Market, unexpected or otherwise unplanned or alternative requirements with respect to the capital investments of the Company and the risks and uncertainties disclosed in the Company’s reports filed from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recent Form 10‑K and any subsequent filings on Forms 10-Q or 8-K, available at www.sec.gov. The Company does not intend to update any forward-looking statement contained in this Current Report on Form 8-K to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date hereof.

### Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) The following exhibits are being filed herewith:

| Exhibit No. 
 99.1        |     | Description                                                  
 Press release of the Company, datedNovember 6, 2025.         |
|:------------|:----|:-------------------------------------------------------------|
| 104         |     | Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL). |

### SIGNATURES
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

| Date: November 6, 2025 |     | THE TRADE DESK, INC. 
 By:                  |     | /s/ Alex Kayyal                              |
|:-----------------------|:----|:---------------------|:----|:---------------------------------------------|
|                        |     |                      |     | Alex Kayyal                                  |
|                        |     |                      |     | Chief Financial Officer                      
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) |
